She started singing as a toddler, considering Márta Sebestyén a role model.
Her musical background is traditional folk music; she first won recognition for singing with Ökrös in a traditional folk style, and Besh o droM, a Balkan gypsy brass band.
With these ensembles she toured around the world from the Montreal Jazz Festival, through Glastonbury Festival to the Théatre de la Ville in Paris, from New York to Beijing.
Since 2005, she began to pursue her solo career and explore various genres, such as jazz, thirties ballads, or children's songs.
Until now, three of her six released albums were awarded Album of the Year Prize (MAHASZ Fonogram Award) in the children's records and jazz categories.
"When I sing it's not important whether it's jazz or traditional music or music of any other kind", Szalóki has said.
"I feel as if I'm swimming in the music.
The music is like water; or air and I fly in it."
She is trained in the Kodály method.
Many of her projects are inspired by poetry, be it "Sunset of Rust, It is Dusk" on Lament (2005), or the Karády album of ballads (A Vágy Muzsikál, 2008).
She has also performed at numerous children's concerts.
Émile Dubonnet (18 October 1883 - 1940) was a French balloonist active from 1908 to 1913.
He participated in the 1908, 1909, and 1911 Gordon Bennett Cup in ballooning and was a member of the Aéro-Club de France.
He won the La Grande Medialle de Aéro-Club de France in 1912.
He holds a Fédération Aéronautique Internationale record from 1912-1913.
He was born on 18 October 1883 in Paris to a winemaker.
In 1910 he flew over Paris in his Tellier brothers aircraft.
He started from the Juvisy-sur-Orge field and made a landing at Bois de Boulogne
He also helped form the first professional baseball league in France, the French Baseball Union, in 1912.
Émile Gilliéron (1850–1924) was a Swiss artist and archaeological draftsman best known for his reconstructions of Mycenaean and Minoan artifacts from the Bronze Age.
Émile Gilliéron studied at the trade school in Basel from 1872 to 1874, the Art Academy in Munich from 1875 to 1876, and finally at the studio of Isidore Pils in Paris from 1875 to 1877.
In 1877, Gilliéron relocated to Athens where he began his career as an archaeological artist who produced drawings for Greek and foreign excavators, designed commemorative postage stamps for the inaugural Olympic Games (1896 and 1906), and served as an art tutor for the royal family of George I.
Émile Gilliéron worked as an archaeological illustrator for Heinrich Schliemann and gained a reputation for being widely recognized as the best archaeological illustrator working in Greece at the time.
This reputation helped Gilliéron acquire a position assisting with fresco reconstructions at the excavation at Tiryns from 1910-1912.
Gilliéron also became the chief restorer for Arthur Evans at the Palace of Minos at Knossos on Crete.
For over three decades, Gilliéron worked with his son, and predecessor, also named Émile, creating reproductions of frescoes and other artifacts for Arthur Evans.
The Gilliérons can be recognized as contributing many illustrations to Evan's four-volume book, The Palace of Minos at Knossos.
Some of the most famous reconstructions by the Gilliérons include the Priest King fresco, the Ladies in Blue fresco, and the painting of the throne room at the Palace of Minos.
Émile Gilliéron and his son formed a family business known as E. Gillieron & Son where they sold original commissioned watercolors and other reproductions made directly from originals on Skoufa Street in Athens.
The Gilliérons created replicas of metal artifacts based on molds of the original masks, weapons, and vessels.
They also created full-scale copies of Minoan frescoes on watercolor paper and created three-dimensional reconstructions in plaster form.
By 1911 the Gilliérons had a catalog of Mycenaean antiquities consisting of over 144 pieces that could be manufactured in Germany by the Wurtemburg Electro Plate Company.
The Gilliérons reworked molds taken from original antiquities to recreate an object in its undamaged form.
The Gilliérons created two reconstructions of the well-known “Mask of Agamemnon” from Shaft Grave V in Grave Circle A at Mycenae, one which represented how the mask looked when it was found, and one restored to look like the believed original appearance.
The work of the Gilliérons can be attributed to influencing the spread of Aegean art and creating an impression of Minoan culture but the validity of the reconstructions has long been debated.
The Priest King fresco, believed by Arthur Evans to depict one of the rulers of ancient Knossos, was created by piecing fragments of the original together and has been scrutinized as containing contemporary influences that were allegedly much different from the original.
Other reconstructions by the Gilliérons fall under similar scrutiny, such as the Bull Leapers fresco, which may have been given the addition of a modern border.
Émile Gilliéron's reconstruction of the Saffron Gatherer fresco has been proven to be incorrect, as it originally depicted a monkey, not a boy.
In addition to restorations and reconstructions, it has been a matter of ongoing research whether the Gilliérons were also involved in the forgery business producing fakes with their Greek assistants.
Some of the artifacts attributed to the Gilliérons and under suspicion of forgery include the chryselephantine snake goddesses, the Ring of Minos and the Ring of Nestor, and the well-known Phaistos disc on Crete.
Émile Gilliéron made and sold reproductions to museums and private collections all over the world up until his death in 1939.
Since then The National Museum in Athens has had a gallery devoted to Gilliéron’s replicas of the Greek Bronze Age.
Despite scrutiny of validity and questions of forgery, his reproductions remain valuable representations of ancient artistic achievements.
On 7 August 1850, a part of the territory of Épinay-sur-Seine was detached and merged with a part of the territory of Deuil-la-Barre, a part of the territory of Saint-Gratien, and a part of the territory of Soisy-sous-Montmorency to create the commune of Enghien-les-Bains.
Francis, Duke of Cádiz (13 May 1822 – 17 April 1902), king consort of Spain, took up residence at the château of Épinay-sur-Seine in 1881 until his death in 1902.
The castle is currently the Épinay-sur-Seine city hall.
From 1902 it was home to the Epinay Studios.
Épinay-sur-Seine is served by Épinay-sur-Seine station on Paris RER line C. It is also served by Épinay-Villetaneuse station on the Transilien Paris – Nord suburban rail line.
Charles de Gaulle Airport is located about 13 km (8.1 mi) away from Épinay-sur-Seine.
The church was originally built in the 13th century by the Premonstratensians for use as a monastery.
During the 16th century the village was reformed and the structure was given to the village for use as a public place of worship.
One of the most beautiful Romanesque churches preserved in Hungary, it has 3 naves, a cross nave, and two western towers, following the style common to Hungarian medieval architecture.
It was renewed in the 20th century, according to the plans of modern-day architect (hu:Foerk Ernő).
The church is interesting not only for its architecture, but for the murals of Saint Ladislaus I of Hungary, the Legendary painted on the northern walls.
Numerous preserved houses and structures in the vicinity recall the life and times of the Hungarian medieval age, including tools, furniture, and other objects of interest.
A long-standing bird observatory known as the Ócsai Madárvárta is located nearby.
He made his debut for Rosenborg in 1999.
In 2000, he was loaned out for Byåsen, and in 2001 he was sold to Moss for 500,000 kr.
In January 2003, Storflor returned to Rosenborg for NOK 1,000,000.
He came on a free transfer to Strømsgodset before the 2009 season.
Winning the Norwegian Cup with the club in 2011 and Eliteserien in 2013, he stepped down to play for Ranheim in the 2017 season.
However, the club achieved promotion from OBOS-ligaen through the play-offs the same year and has played in the top division since 2018.
Storflor has four caps for the Norwegian national team.
His first three caps all came in a pre-season tournament in January 2005.
On 10 October 2014 he was subbed into the World Cup qualifying match versus Slovenia.
In 1956 Capriles Ayala acquired the newspaper La Esfera, which was sold in 1966.
On February 3, 1958, he founded the evening newspaper El Mundo.
In 1959 he bought the magazine Élite; 1962 he acquired the magazines Venezuela Gráfica and Páginas (the latter of which folded in 1999); in 1966 he founded Diario Crítica in Maracaibo, which closed in 1990; in 1968 he founded the Suplemento Cultural to Últimas Noticias; in 1969 he founded the sports daily Extra (which folded a year later).
In 1970 he founded Dominical, the Sunday magazine of Últimas Noticias, and the magazin Hipódromo; in 1972 he bought Kena (folded in 1999) and founded Kabala (folded in 1999) and Alarma (folded in 1973); in 1974 he founded the Maracaibo newspaper El Vespertino, which folded in 1982; in 1988 he founded Guía Hípica, which folded in 2007.
In 2005 La Cadena Capriles founded URBE and the sports publication Líder and acquired Urbe Bikini; in 2009, it founded El Mundo Economía y Negocios.
Other media enterprises currently owned by La Cadena Capriles include La Cadena Multicolor and PlanetaurbeTV.
Until 1999, the visual format of Últimas Noticias did not follow any particular formula and according to one commentator, the newspaper looked disorganized.
But as of October 2000, certain new parameters were laid down in an effort to make the layout simpler and better organized.
At the same time the newspaper adopted a more colloquial tone and aimed to be more of a guide to daily life.
In mid-2002 the newspaper began printing in colour on every page.
Between 2004 and 2006 it launched four regional editions (for different areas of Greater Caracas) in addition to the national one.
Between 2009 and 2011, Últimas Noticias became a major multimedia operation, with its website providing an abundance of material, including podcasts, videos, video chats, interviews, sound galleries, and the like.
Últimas Noticias radio presents music and interviews around the clock.
Launched the first news app in the country and develop its own low cost tablet.
In 2013 the British financier Robert Hanson bought Ultimas Noticias for his private company Hanson Family Holdings for a figure reported as $US98 million.
In 2014, he was accused by newspaper staff of turning it into "a Socialist Party mouthpiece", but the editor, Hector Davila, replied that his only instructions from Hanson were "to run a balanced and profitable newspaper".
Marcos Ruiz, a reporter for Últimas Noticias, was one of a group of journalists handing out leaflets in Caracas in favor of press freedom on August 13, 2009, when he was set upon by at least four supporters of President Hugo Chávez, who punched and beat him with clubs.
According to Últimas Noticias, “12 journalists employed by its newspaper group were injured.
The paper ran a front-page headline declaring: "Enough with the violence!”.
According to PEN, the other journalists attacked on August 13 included Manuel Alejandro Álvarez, César Batiz, Greasi Bolaños, Sergio Moreno González, Octavio Hernandez, Jesús Hurtado, Gabriela Iribarren, Glexis Pastran, Fernando Peñalver, and Marie Rondón, all of them employees of La Cadena Capriles.
“The journalists, who were wearing press credentials, were protesting against the government's approval of a new education law that would restrict press freedom”, noted PEN.
“The assailants reportedly hit and kicked the journalists, leaving them seriously injured, as well as accusing them of being 'defenders of the oligarchy' in the 'people's territory'.
The government reportedly issued a statement condemning the attack and the Attorney General started an investigation.
However, as of 21 August only one suspect had been arrested, despite the fact that there are reportedly photos of the attack that should make it easy to identify the others.
According to local news reports, the assailants work for the government-owned broadcaster AvilaTV.
Government officials, including President Chávez, have reportedly accused the 12 journalists who were attacked of being 'provocative' and taking a 'political stand,' leading them to fear action that the Attorney General may take action against them".
César Batiz investigated the assassination of journalist Orel Sambrano, who at the time of his murder had been writing columns about the rise in drug trafficking, and has written (in collaboration with Jesus Yajure) about the failure of police to arrest suspects in the killing of journalist, film producer, and entrepreneur Jacinto Lopez.
Últimas Noticias published a great deal of investigative journalism that has placed it at odds with the administration of Hugo Chávez.
Among an example of this is an August 2011 exposé by César Batiz of Derwick Associates, a firm accused of bribery and overbilling and currently the target of several lawsuits in the United States.
At a meeting of his Council of Ministers in May 2012, Chávez accused Últimas Noticias of manipulating information concerning the announcement of his presidential candidacy.
“First I get this copy where it says 'Chávez will announce his candidacy between June 1 and 11'”, said Chávez.
“And later I receive another copy ... and the headline says: 'Chávez still doesn't know when he will announce his candidacy'.
So I ask myself: why did they change the headline?
What are they trying to manipulate?'”.
Últimas Noticias explained that it publishes six editions a day and that headlines are frequently changed from one edition to the next in order to improve on clarity.
The second headline Chávez saw had in fact appeared in that day's first edition, while the first headline he saw had appeared in the other five editions.
In 2013, Últimas Noticias was sold to a party then unidentified and commentary criticizing the Venezuelan government declined.
This was supposedly due to the new owners of Útimas Noticias being close to the Venezuelan government.
It later transpired that the new owner was the British financier Robert Hanson.
Following alleged censorship by the newspapers director during the 2014 Venezuelan protests, Chief Researcher Tamoa Calzadilla along with others resigned.
Nathalie Alvaray, the first woman Media VP in the country and leader of all the innovation and convergence projects resigned a week before
In January 2015, Venezuelans responded on social media to the controversial headline, "Maduro's Tour Was a Success", portraying that President Nicolas Maduro's meeting with Saudi Arabia was successful despite other outlets calling it a failure.
The title led to Venezuelans making their own satirical headlines criticizing the newspaper's allegedly biased title.
During the Vietnam War, Đông Hà was the northernmost town in South Vietnam and was the location of a strategically important United States Marine Corps Đông Hà Combat Base, to support Marine positions along the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
The 3rd Marine Division had overall command and control of this operational area.
Large numbers of NVA operated in the DMZ area.
3rd Marine Division intelligence estimated the combat strength of NVA and VC forces in the DMZ area in January 1968 was 40,943 troops.
Đông Hà was overrun on March 31, 1972, during the initial assaults of the North Vietnamese Easter Offensive.
Tourists come to Đông Hà nowadays, especially ex-servicemen from the U.S. and Vietnam, who nearly always include a DMZ tour in their programs.
The contemporary Vietnamese singer Như Quỳnh was born in Đông Hà in 1970.
She was born to Muhtar and Nihal in İstanbul, Turkey in 1948.
She is the younger sister of Duygu Asena, a notable journalist.
She graduated from the School of English studies at İstanbul University.
In 1966, she participated at the Miss Turkey beauty contest under the pseudonym Aylin Öndersev, which actually was her aunt's name, who died young.
She won the contest.
She married to journalist Halit Çapın, and gave birth to a daughter named Berfu.
Her marriage ended with divorce lasting briefly.
In 1990, she established a publishing company named Adam Yayınları.
Her poems appeared in Adam Sanat, a literary periodical of the company.
In some of her poems, she used the pen name Ani Toros.
She also wrote books, and is a member of PEN International.
Şamlı is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Has transferred to Fenerbahçe from Beyoğluspor in 1955.
He was one of the fan favourites when he was playing.
He played for Fenerbahçe between 1955–69, scoring 168 goals.
He won the Turkish League 4 times and the Istanbul League title twice.
Has played 37 times for Turkey, starting as captain 10 times.
Has' brother, Mehmet Ali Has, was also a Turkish professional footballer.
Akdag mountain, which is within Toros mountain systems, stretches from southwest to north around Şerefli village.
Land forms are rippled degrassively from Sarikaya Tor located on the north to the agricultural planes on the south.
Almost each height and valley has a name attributed by local dwellers.
The hill which is located on the north east (coordinates 37.805089, 38.088731) is known as 'Kulluk Tepe' (kulluk is a local hat worn by females), the fertile valley located on the southeast is known as ''Cavurd'' (Coordinates 37°47'45.2"N 38°05'24.7"E),  agricultural plantations on the north is known as ''Kayanin Onu'' (37°48'39.3"N 38°04'43.5"E), flat fields located on the south are known as ''Duz'' (37°48'00.6"N 38°04'47.9"E).
There are also allegorical place names named after local historical figures such as Mışo'nun Cukuru.
Oak trees are sporadically existent at relatively higher elevations.
Majority of the elevated locations have been subject to water and land erosion.
Due to the long and dry summer seasons, grasslands and forest vegetation are at minute amount.
Lands that are uncultivated are covered by wilding and scrub.
Aquatic plants grow in In reeds and marshy places.
Some of these aquatic plants like yarpuz, sirim, pincar are edible and regularly picked by locals every spring.
Thorn apples, rose hips, turpentine trees, wild pears grow naturally without anthropogenic involvement.
Falcons, hawks, owls, partridges, quails, sparrows, pigeons, crows are primary bird species.
Capturing and petting partridges is a common hobby among local men.
Hunting partridges and quails for dietary purposes is also popular.
Sarikaya Tor hosts most of these bird species as its steep and rocky structure acts as a safe heaven.
Local men do not welcome strangers with hunting purposes.
Serefli people can get territorial and they even often abstain from hunting on a land owned by a different person.
The occurrences of attempted homicides and bodily harms due to territorial disputes are not uncommon.
Rabbits, foxes, weasels are other wild animals living in the village's habitat.
Serefli village's summer weather trend can be classified as Csa on Koopen-Geiger climate classification system.
It has long and dry summers.
After the construction of Ataturk Dam, the increasing humidity levels likened the region's climate to Mediterranean climate.
A considerable amount of precipitation is observed in cold winter months.
August is the driest time of the year with a 1 mm average rain fall.
135 mm rainfall rate makes Decembers the month with the highest precipitation rate.
July is the hottest month with an average 30.2 °C.
An average temperature of 4.3°C qualifies Januaries as the coldest month.
The annual average temperature is 25.9 °C.
Serefli has fertile lands.
The primary agricultural activity was tobacco cultivation until Turkish government imposed quota on tobacco harvests.
The quota restrictions restrained the dweller's main income source dramatically, which caused a migration wave to cities in a pursuit of employment chances.
Fig, grape, apple, pistachio, wheat, lentil, chick pea, barley are primary products harvested by Serefli farmers.
The village has been known as Şerefli since the foundation of Ottoman Empire (1259).
The founders of the village were Turkic people belonging to Amini group of Karakecililer Turkmen Tribe  who moved into the region with Seljuk forays.
The neighboring village, Kizilhisar, was also founded by Amini group of Karakecililer Turkmen Tribe.
The village community is very well-known for their loyalty to governments.
As traditionally observed in Turkmen tribes, they have always unconditionally accepted and supported the central governments.
The Ottoman Empire used this Turkmen village as an outpost to keep the other villages populated by the Kurds and other minorities under surveillance and control.
Likewise, the village has maintained its firm stand against Kurdish separatist organization PKK since 1980.
Turkish Army recruited the village's men as village guards in an effort to reinforce the army's anti-PKK campaign in the region.
PKK threatened the village and plotted attacks for a couple of times.
The Kurdish separatists considered Serefli village as a hostile base weakening their foothold in the region.
Geographical and strategical knowledge of Serefli village guards boosted Turkish Armed Force's operations against the PKK which is listed as a terrorist organization by international authorities.
PKK launched a night raid targeting the houses of village mukhtar (headman), mukhtar's brother, and the chief of village guards in the spring of 1991.
Those targeted three households were accommodated by women, children, and civilians.
The attacking PKK militants opened a barrage of gunfire by their AK47s, machine guns and sidearms.
A hand grenade thrown into a house did not detonate.
The assailants also attempted to launch a rocket propelled grenade but the reacting village guard's suppressive fire stopped them.
PKK terrorists fled using the darkness of night as cover.
One civilian woman was killed by PKK fire.
Serefli village is also known for its people's willingness to enlist in Turkish Armed Forces.
Majority of Serefli men choose military and law enforcing careers.
In Turkmen culture, one's forsaking his life for his country is considered to be holy, which is also known as martyrdom.
Turkish Government entitles martyr title to the servicemen killed during military service.
Specialist Sergeant Hakki Yildiz, a local Serefli man who chose military career, was entitled as martyr after he lost his life in a firefight against PKK in Bingol-Genc.
Serefli people take pride in their patriotism and state loyalty despite the threats and pressure  from surrounding ethnic fractions.
Serefli ballot boxes usually yield to center-right parties.
The ruling political party, AKP, has received the majority of the votes in elections since 2003.
ANAP, MHP, DYP, and DP were the other popular political parties before AKP.
Majority of Serefli dwellers supported the military coup done by General Kenan Evren on 12 September 1982.
Votes for liberal democrat parties and pro-Kurdish parties are not uncommon, either.
Adiyaman province is served by an airport and a coach station.
Shuttle buses connect Serefli village with Adiyaman Province's city center.
In 1949 the plant at  Mladá Boleslav assembled the last Škoda Superbs, large six-cylinder limousines evoking the style of American cars in the late 1930s.
The authorities needed a more modern replacement and instructed Škoda to develop one.
This was the car that would become the Škoda VOS.
The letters VOS indicated a “special car for the government” in Czech or Slovak („Vládní Osobní Speciál"or „Vládny Osobný Špeciál“).
The car went into production in 1950 with the coach builder (even then better known as a producer of buses) Karosa: final assembly took place at Škoda’s own plant.
The form of the car was unremarkable, despite having been designed by Oldrich Meduna whose reputation till that point came from his work designing military tanks.
The mechanical architecture was also conventional, with a front-mounted engine driving the rear wheels.
More remarkable, at least in terms of European cars of the time, was a large 5.2-litre engine delivering 120 PS (88 kW).
The engine came from a Praga truck.
Because of the weight of the armour plating, the standard car weighed nearly 4 tons, however.
The top speed was restricted to 80 km/h (50 mph) on the orders of the interior ministry.
A “Light-weight” version without all the armour plating was also listed.
Unusually for the time, the car was fitted with air-conditioning.
However, the air conditioning mechanism occupied most of the space in the boot/trunk, and it became common for dignitaries moving by VOS to travel followed by a second car to carry luggage.
Famous owners included President Gottwald, Enver Hoxha, Zhu De, Ana Pauker and Mao Zedong.
Ana Pauker, the infamous female communist leader of the Romanian Workers' Party (later to become the Romanian Communist Party ) had a Škoda VOS built for running on tracks, reaching speeds of up to 115 km/h with a total weight of 5 tons.
The model is now up for display in the train Station of Sinaia.
The driver's secure wind shield is smashed after a supposed attempted attack on the lady also known as "Stalin with skirt" near the Roşiori Nord train station.
Production of the VOS ended in 1952, by when 107 had been built.
Škoda were not invited to replace the car, and the nation’s political elite switched their allegiance to the Tatra 603.
A tablet recovered in Nippur lists grain rations given to the messenger of a certain Šubši-mašrâ-Šakkan during Nazi-Marrutaš’ fourth year (1304 BC).
There is a court order found in Ur, dated to the sixteenth year of Nazi-Maruttaš (1292 BC), in which Šubši-mašrâ-šakkan is given the title šakin māti, lúGAR KUR, “governor of the country.” It is an injunction forbidding harvesting reeds from a certain river or canal.
The poetic work, Ludlul bēl nēmeqi, describes how the fortunes of Šubši-mašrâ-Šakkan, a rich man of high rank, turned one day.
When beset by ominous signs, he incurred the wrath of the king, and seven courtiers plotted every kind of mischief against him.
This resulted in him losing his property, “they have divided all my possessions among foreign riffraff,” friends, “my city frowns on me as an enemy; indeed my land is savage and hostile,” physical strength, “my flesh is flaccid, and my blood has ebbed away,” and health, as he relates that he “wallowed in my excrement like a sheep.” While slipping into and out of consciousness on his death bed, his family already conducting his funeral, Urnindinlugga, a kalû, or incantation priest, was sent by Marduk to presage his salvation.
The work concludes with a prayer to Marduk.
The text is written in the first person, leading some to speculate that the author was Šubši-mašrâ-Šakkan himself.
Perhaps the only certainty is that the subject of the work, Šubši-mašrâ-Šakkan, was a significant historical person during the reign of Nazi-Maruttaš when the work was set.
Of the fifty eight extant fragmentary copies of Ludlul bēl nēmeqi the great majority date to the neo-Assyrian and neo-Babylonian periods.
"Żeby Polska była Polską" (Let Poland be Poland, or – less commonly, For Poland to be Poland) is one of the best-known Polish protest songs written in 1976 by the Polish singer-songwriter Jan Pietrzak, with music by Włodzimierz Korcz.
The song became an informal anthem of the Solidarity period in the People's Republic of Poland.
From June 1976 protests against the Soviet-style communism imposed in Poland, all the way to the collapse of the Warsaw Pact in the 1990s, it was the symbol of the political opposition to the Communist regime.
The song was widely popular among the members of Solidarity (NSZZ Solidarność), and won first-prize at the 1981 National Festival of Polish Song in Opole.
It won the main prize at the 1981 National Festival of Polish Song in Opole.
It is one of Pietrzak's best-known works.
As Jan Pietrzak notes, he rarely wrote such serious pieces, but he was motivated to do so in 1976, after the workers' protests in the Ursus factory.
Music was composed by Włodzimierz Korcz, while an unconfirmed anecdote suggests that the title-phrase was coined by Agnieszka Osiecka.
Pietrzak performed the song at the stage of his own political Kabaret pod Egidą as an ending theme.
When the censors forbade the Cabaret to do an encore of it, it became habitual that it was sung by the audience.
It gained popularity in the following years, with people copying it on tape recorders, and – during the emergence of Solidarity in 1980, it was often played from the workers radio stations and internal speakers.
In June 1981 Pietrzak performed the song at the 19th National Festival of Polish Song in Opole, winning first-prize awards for the "hit song of the season" and "the audience choice."
The communist authorities tried to repress the song, which is one of the reasons why, despite numerous performances – some gathering thousands of people on the streets, all chanting – there are no recordings from that period.
One of the largest public performances took place in Warsaw, at the crossroads of major streets (Aleje Jerozolimskie and Marszałkowska Street).
For his support of the anti-communist opposition, Pietrzak was arrested in the aftermath of the introduction of the martial law in Poland in 1981.
In spite of its mainly historical context, the song resonated with the millions of people in the communist Poland, particularly as a dream of freedom.
It became one of the anthems of Solidarity.
As Józef Tischner noted: "The solemn words of the song tell of the everlasting and indomitable Polish spirit".
Eventually however it lost popularity, due to critical voices among some of the Solidarity advisors that the references contained in it were "nationalistic, chauvinistic and backward".
Nonetheless the song is still popular, and is often performed to a standing audience.
The song inspired Ronald Reagan to name his own speech after it: Let Poland be Poland.
He also presented Pietrzak with an engraved plaque bearing that title.
The song was also quoted by Queen Elizabeth II during her speech in the Polish parliament.
Žabokreky is a village and municipality in Martin District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1282.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 426 metres and covers an area of 5.231 km².
It has a population of about 1110 people.
Əlirzalı is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It has a population of 1,006.
An important use for \Gamma-convergence is in homogenization theory.
It can also be used to rigorously justify the passage from discrete to continuum theories for materials, for example, in elasticity theory.
"(I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be) Free/One" is a cover song of Billy Taylor's "I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free" and U2's One.
In 2012 a new top domain was registered for Mongolia, intended for domain names in the local language.
This  top domain is .мон.
Registrations for the domain opened in May 2014.
The first site http://мон.мон became active during that month.
01 Gallery (or Zero One Gallery) is a contemporary art gallery located in downtown Los Angeles, California, U.S., founded by art dealer and curator John Pochna.
The gallery is known for its contributions to the lowbrow art movement, as it frequently exhibits pieces with heavy graffiti and street art influences.
In April 2007, Pochna partnered with Brandon Coburn, and Jim Ulrich.
Founded in 1980 and christened Zero Zero by Pochna, the gallery was originally an after hours bar in Melrose.
The gallery's current name derives from a conceptual understanding of the creative process.
As Kyle Lina explains, "Zero is when there's nothing--one when there's something.
The space between the zero and the one is the creative act".
Over time, 01 Gallery developed a long standing relationship with the Los Angeles punk community, as it has debuted bands such as The Screamers.
As the gallery's clientele diversified, Pochna's aims for the gallery evolved.
Pochna states, "[We're] not a punk rock gallery, not a graffiti art gallery, not a rebel gallery.
Not any of those stupid names they used to call us."
01 Gallery has been frequented by Los Angeles residents such as Raymond Pettibon, David Lee Roth, Tomata du Plenty and John Belushi.
This diverse clientele has led 01 Gallery to be thought of as analogous to Andy Warhol's Factory.
"Its eccentric mix of artists and patrons made it [Los Angeles'] answer to the Factory, though the creations were more 'lowbrow' than pop."
The gallery opened with works by Robert Williams, Tomata du Plenty and Saber.
It has also exhibited Anthony Ausgang, Raymond Pettibon, Gomez Bueno, Walter Robinson, Richard Hambleton, Futura 2000 and Fred Tomaselli.
Notable past curators include Walter Hopps and Carlo McCormick.
Soon after the gallery's naissance, Pochna allowed the gallery's Melrose address to be used as a business address for an escort service in order to fund the gallery.
An exhibition at Zero One Gallery is documented in The Devil and Daniel Johnston.
Pochna is interviewed in the film.
The gallery's Melrose space was rumored to be haunted by the ghosts of Joan Crawford, Rock Hudson, and Rita Hayworth.
Spielvereinigung Oberhausen und Styrum was established through the union of a number of local sports clubs including Styrumer Spielverein 08, Styrum 08 and Oberhausener Spielverein.
An attempt to form a football side within the association led to the creation of an independent club, Erster Fußballclub Mülheim-Ruhr-Styrum, in July 1923.
The team began play in the Westdeutschen Spielverband over the objections of its parent.
1.
FC Mülheim-Styrum played lower-tier ball for much of the period leading up to World War II, advancing as far as second-tier play just before the conflict broke out.
The team was able to carry on until 1943 when they suspended play due to the war.
After the war, they became part of the Landesliga Niederrhein (III), and later the Verbandsliga Niederrhein (III), before disappearing into lower level play in 1958.
They won promotion to the Amateurliga Niederrhein (III) in 1971, capturing the title there that same season.
A successful promotion playoff put the team through to the Regionalliga West (II).
After the 1973–74 season, German football was restructured; the second tier 2.
Bundesliga was introduced and the Regionalligen replaced by the Amateuroberligen (III).
Mülheim's fourth place result was not good enough to qualify the team for the new second division circuit, but they were still able to join the 2.
Bundesliga-Nord when Blau-Weiß 90 Berlin refused the promotion they had earned through their third place finish in the Regionalliga Berlin (II).
The club changed its name to 1.
FC Mülheim after the 1974–75 season and were sent down after a 17th place finish in their next campaign.
That was followed by a 17th place finish in the Amateurliga Niederrhein (III) and relegation to lower tier competition.
Despite these failures, they made appearances in the early rounds of the German Cup from 1975 to 1977.
Mülheim has since suffered a steady decline and currently plays in the Kreisliga A(VIII) after relegation from the Bezirksliga in 2011.
The unit was originally formed on 1 July 1943 as the II Battalion, 11th SS Panzer Regiment and sent to Yugoslavia to fight as infantry; however, at the end of November, the battalion was converted back to armoured.
The Battalion was then issued six Tiger I tanks in February for training, but then ordered to give them to another unit in March 1944.
Another six Tiger Is arrived at the training grounds on 26 May and four more in August.
On 20 October, all ten Tigers were given to the training unit and the 103rd was outfitted with the Tiger II before being ordered to the Eastern Front, as part of the III (Germanic) SS Panzer Corps.
On 14 November 1944 the unit was redesignated 503rd Heavy SS Panzer Battalion.
It had a total of 39 (instead of the full complement of 45) Tiger IIs and was loaded onto trains on 27 January 1945, and sent to the Eastern Front in the Army Group Vistula sector.
By 15 April 1945, the 503rd reported a total of 12 Tiger IIs, of which 10 were still operational.
The 503rd ended the war fighting in the Battle of Berlin as part of Kampfgruppe Mohnke.
Central Radio launched on 25 September 2008.
Following Ofcom relaxations on local programming requirements, the station began taking UTV Radio's networked evening and overnight shows in late March 2009.
On 16 December 2009, it was announced by owners UTV Media that the station would be closing on Christmas Eve of that year (24 December) and the station's broadcasting licence returned to the UK broadcasting regulator, Ofcom.
UTV cited the unfortunate launch of the station in the midst of a recession as a primary reason for the decision, and the station's consequent unprofitability.
UTV did not anticipate the station becoming viable for the foreseeable future, saying:
We won the licence against strong competition, but unfortunately had to launch the station in the middle of the worst recession in memory.
We have been looking closely at the station’s viability and unfortunately given the economic climate we have taken the difficult decision to close the station.
On 24 December 2009, the day that Central Radio was scheduled to close, it was announced that a buyer had been found, revealed to be competitor Niocom in January 2010.
The company also operated the neighbouring Southport station Dune FM at the time of the sale.
On 12 January 2010, the station co-emplaced and began to share resources with sister station Dune FM.
A month later, OFCOM granted permission for Central Radio to co-locate with sister station Dune FM in Southport.
Programme management, production, administrative, engineering and management resources were to be shared between the two stations, but the programming on Central Radio remained editorially focused on the Preston, Leyland and Chorley areas.
In December 2010, Niocom sold Dune FM, and from 1 February 2011 the programming syndication ended with Central Radio becoming as a fully independent service.
On 14 June 2011 it was announced that UKRD, owners of the 107 The Bee in neighbouring Blackburn had purchased the Central Radio licence and planned to merge the service with its East Lancashire station 107 The Bee.
Three days later, Central Radio ceased broadcasting with Drivetime presenter - Leyland born Andy Hilbert - playing the final record, Unforgettable by Nat King Cole.
On 1 July 2011, 106.5fm became a simulcast of The Bee but with local news and adverts.
The Dead Sea Transform is a 1,000 km (620 mi) transform fault that spans from the Red Sea in the south to the East Anatolian Fault in Turkey to the north.
The southern extent of the DST is known as the Wadi Araba fault (after the Arabah valley).
This portion of the DST runs 160 kilometers (99 mi) from north of Aqaba to south of the Dead Sea and has a slip rate of 4 ±2 mm per year.
The earthquake's effects were seen from as far north as Banyas (in the present day coastal region of Syria) to the Hejaz region of modern-day Saudi Arabia.
The ancient city of Ayla, located at the northern end of the Gulf of Aqaba where modern Aqaba stands today, was destroyed.
Paleoseismic investigations have revealed more than 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) of fault rupture, beginning just north of Eilat, that were dated between 900 and 1,000 years before present.
A magnitude of at least 7.0 was presented based on the reported damage and the extent of the observed fault breaks.
Alarm was caused at Saint Catherine's Monastery on the Sinai Peninsula, and there was damage in the ancient city of Tinnis, but not farther to the west along the Egyptian coast in Alexandria.
In Cairo the only damage was to a corner of the Mosque of Amr ibn al-As in Fustat.
Seismologist Nicholas Ambraseys described one account of the effects at Ramallah as destructive and with a large loss of life (15,000 deaths, several hundred of which were boys at a school).
He also expanded on the effects to the north in Banyas, where 100 were killed, and in Jerusalem, where the roof of the Dome of the Rock was "displaced and then returned to its former position".
Those that were affected by the heavy damage in Ramallah apparently migrated to Jerusalem, which indicated to Ambraseys that the effects there were otherwise minimal.
In addition to the event in 1068, the southern portion of the DST has experienced three other historical events (all having an estimated magnitude of 6.5–7.0) with two in the northern section near the Dead Sea, and one closer to Aqaba.
The event in 1212 caused significant damage to towns in the Arabah Valley as well as the destruction of a church on the Sinai Peninsula.
In 1293, near the southern portion of the Dead Sea, an earthquake destroyed three towers of a castle and caused damage between the Dead Sea and Gaza.
In 1458, another event again affected the southern Dead Sea area, this time causing a 2.2 m (7 ft 3 in) left-lateral offset at the Tilah Castle.
The castle was built across the fault during Roman or Byzantine times and the building that housed the water tank sustained the displacement.
In early June 2014, Example intended to release "Seen You" as the album's fourth single.
On 30 June, however, he stated that the fourth single would be "10 Million People".
The EP features remixes from Kove, Critikal, Static Revenger, Mike Millrain and Eli & Fur as well as the album version of the song.
The Kove remix was uploaded to UKF Music on 16 August.
Example has said that "'10 Million People' was written after watching a documentary on early 90s rave culture.
I found this video online where they were interviewing people at an illegal rave.
The guy with the microphone said to one of the revellers, 'Surely this whole rave thing is just a fad'.
And the raver replied, 'Well 10 million people can't be wrong'."
He also stated that the song feels "timeless" to him and is his favorite song on the album.
The singer confirmed on his Twitter page that the music video was filmed during his performance on the 2014 FIB Festival, hosted in Benicássim on 19 July.
He uploaded the video onto his VEVO channel on 27 August 2014.
(Plain Text Format)
AhmednagarGENGadakh YeshawantraoMINC
AkolaGENFundkar Pandurang PundlikMBJP
AmravatiGENPratibha Devisinha Patil (W)FINC
AurangabadGENMoreshwar SaveMSHS
BaramatiGENAjit Annatrao PawarMINC
BeedGENKshirsagar Kesharbai Sonajirao Alias Kaku (W)FINC
BhandaraGENPraful Manohar Bhai PatelMINC
Buldhana(SC)Wasnik Mukul BalkrishnaMINC
ChandrapurGENPotdukhe ShantaramMINC
ChimurGENMuttemwar Vilas BaburaoMINC
Dahanu(ST)Damu Barku ShingdaMINC
Dhule(ST)Chaure Bapu HariMINC
ErandolGENPatil Vijay NavalMINC
HingoliGENGundewar Vilasrao NagnathraoMSHS
IchalkaranjiGENMane Balaso Alias Rajaram ShankarraoMINC
JalgaonGENGunavant Rambhau SarodaMBJP
JalnaGENAnkushrao TopeMINC
KaradGENChavan Prithviraj DajishahebMINC
KhedGENNavale Vidura VithobaMINC
KolabaGENA.R.
AntulayMINC
KolhapurGENGaikwad Udaysingrao NanasahebMINC
KopargaonGENKale Shankarrao DeoramMINC
LaturGENPatil Shivraj VishwanathMINC
Mgaon(ST)Kahandole Zamru MangluMINC
Mumbai-NorthGENRam NaikMBJP
Mumbai-North-CentralGENDighe Sharad ShankarMINC
Mumbai-North-EastGENGuradas KamatMINC
Mumbai-North-WestGENSunil DuttMINC
Mumbai-SouthGENDeora MurliMINC
Mumbai-South-CentralGENMohan RawaleMSHS
NagpurGENMeghe Dattaji RaghobajiMINC
NandedGENSuryakants Patil (W)FINC
Nandurbar(ST)Gavit Manikrao HodalyaMINC
NashikGENPawar Vasant NiwruttiMINC
Osmanabad(SC)Kamble Arvind TulshiramMINC
Pandharpur(SC)Thorat Sandipan BhagwanMINC
ParbhaniGENDeshmukh Ashokrao AnandraoMSHS
PuneGENAnna JoshiMBJP
RajapurGENSudhir SawantMINC
RamtekGENBhonsle Tejsingharao LaxmanraoMINC
RatnagiriGENGovindram NikamMINC
SangliGENPatil Prakashbapu VasantraoMINC
SataraGENBhosale Prataprao BaburaoMINC
SolapurGENSadul Dharmanna MondayyaMINC
ThaneGENKapse Ramchandra GaneshMBJP
WardhaGENGhangare Ramchandra MarotraoMCPM
WashimGENAnantrao Vitthalrao DeshmukhMINC
YavatmalGENUttamrao Deorao PatilMINC
Pope Celestine II died on 8 March 1144 at Rome, after a pontificate of only five months.
The election of his successor took place in the shadow of this municipal revolution, which opposed the secular rule of the Pope.
Celestine II was unable to recover full control over the city of Rome; in addition he had to face also the demands of the king Roger II of Sicily.
This problem remained unresolved on his death, because he had refused to confirm the privileges granted to Roger by his predecessor Innocent II.
The cardinals present at Rome elected Cardinal Gerardo Caccianemici, priest of the titulus of S. Croce in Gerusalemme and former canon regular of S. Frediano di Lucca.
The details concerning the place of the election or the exact date of electoral proceedings are not registered.
Since the elect was chancellor of the Holy See and close collaborator of both Innocent II and Celestine II, it may be assumed that the cardinals wanted to continue their policy, friendly towards the Empire and hostile towards the king Roger.
The elect took the name Lucius II and received episcopal consecration on 12 March 1144.
Originally the unit was the 111th Division of the North-East Army which fought against the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War, it was later transferred to the Eighth Route Army's Shandong Military Region, and then again to the North East People's Volunteer Army; the unit was redesignated the 114th on transfer to the 38th Army.
As the 114th, under the 38th Army, the division fought as part of the People's Volunteer Army (Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) or Chinese Communist Forces (CCF)) during the Korean War with a standard strength of approximately 10,000 men.
At that time it consisted of the 340th, 341st, and 342nd Regiments.
It fought the Turkish Brigade at the Battle of Wawon, November 27–29, 1950.
The formation remained for many years with the 38th Group Army in the Shenyang Military Region, as the 114th Mechanized Infantry Division.
In 1996, as part of the reform of the People's Liberation Army in the 1990s the 114th (together with 13 other divisions, and some 500,000 personnel) was transferred to the People's Armed Police (PAP), becoming People's Armed Police Unit 8640, and the mechanized reserve of the PAP under the direct control of the PAP headquarters.
The 114th was chosen to represent the PAP during the 2015 China Victory Day Parade.
After the 2017 reform, the division was divided into two detachments (regiment-sized): the 5th Mobile Detachment (garrison Dingzhou, Hebei) and the 6th Mobile Detachment (garrison Baoding, Hebei) under the PAP 1st Mobile Corps.
The 115th Infantry has long claimed lineage and honors that have not been recognized by the U.S. Army Center of Military history.
The unit's official lineage and honors certificate only recognizes lineage extending back to 1881, while the regiment has traditionally held that it was descended from Cresap's Rifles, a company of infantry raised in 1775.
The mismatch stems from a lineage system unique in the U.S. armed forces to the Army National Guard, which requires continuous militia presence in a particular community or, if a unit is moved, proof that the same members served in the unit at both locations.
Because of a lack of support for militia units in the 1870s, many, including the First Maryland (predecessor to the 115th) ceased to exist as organized militia units.
Army National Guard lineage rules state that any unit that becomes inactive has its lineage terminated, and that such lineage cannot be "resurrected," even if a unit with identical designation is later established.
The 115th Infantry claims lineage back to the earliest militia units formed to protect the frontier of western Maryland.
The birthdate of the unit, 14 June 1775, is also the birthdate of the United States Army.
The first two companies to leave Maryland were assembled in Frederick in the summer of 1775 under the command of Captains Cresap and Price; they were organized in response to the Continental Congress' call to active duty.
They left Frederick in August and marched 551 miles (887 km) in 21 days to report to General Washington in September to support Washington's efforts to drive the British out of Boston.
These personnel later became part of the 1st Maryland Regiment, "Maryland 400" or "Maryland Line," who repeatedly charged a numerically superior British force during the Battle of Long Island, sustaining heavy casualties, but allowing General Washington to successfully evacuate the bulk of his troops to Manhattan.
This action is commemorated in Maryland's nickname, the "Old Line State."
A direct descendant of this regiment was organized 29 September 1881 as the First Battalion of Infantry, Maryland Army National Guard, from existing independent companies at Hagerstown and Frederick, Maryland.
This is the date of organization officially recognized as the start of the regiment's lineage by the U.S. Army.
It was expanded and redesignated First Regiment of Infantry on 7 May 1886 by the consolidation of the First Battalion of Infantry with several more independent companies of infantry throughout the state.
The unit mustered into federal service 11 May 1898 as the First Maryland Infantry Regiment, U.S.
Volunteers, and was assigned to the Second Army Corps during the Spanish–American War.
The regiment was mustered out of Federal Service 15 March 1899 without serving outside the continental United States.
On 28 June 1916 the regiment was again called into active service and saw duty at Eagle Pass, Texas during the Mexican Border Incident.
Two of the battalion commanders who served during this period were Majors Milton A. Reckord (future Adjutant General, State of Maryland) and D. John Markey (future regimental commander).
The unit was mustered out of federal service on 4 November 1916.
In October 1917, while at Camp McClellan, Alabama, the First Maryland was consolidated with the Fourth and Fifth Maryland Infantry Regiments to form the 115th Infantry Regiment.
The 115th became one of the four regiments brought together into the 29th Infantry Division, which was formed in July 1917, at Sea Girt, New Jersey.
The division wasn't even a year old when it received its baptism of fire in France.
Company K, 115th, was the first unit in the 29th Division to engage the enemy when it repelled a German raid in July 1918.
During the Meuse-Argonne offensive they would fight for 21 straight days, moving over 6 miles (9.7 km), throwing back elements of six enemy divisions, and suffering a staggering 4,781 casualties in the process.
After the Armistice was signed, the Twenty-Ninth Division was brought home in July 1919 and dissipated.
The 1st Battalion, 115th Infantry, is authorized two campaign streamers for its service in World War I: one for Alsace and one for Meuse-Argonne.
The next time the division would be reformed was for the maneuvers in 1936.
Following the First World War, the regiments returned to state status and assumed their previous designations, First Maryland and Fifth Maryland (the Fourth Regiment was not re-established after the war).
On 3 February 1941, the First Maryland Infantry Regiment, Maryland Army National Guard, was inducted into federal service as the 115th Infantry Regiment at Frederick, Maryland as part of the second partial mobilization of the National Guard for World War II, and then moved to Fort George G. Meade on 18 February 1941 to join the 29th Infantry Division.
The regiment completed in-processing, traded in its equipment for modern equipment, and started to repeat its division level training.
It was then transferred to the A.P.
Hill Military Reservation on 22 April 1942 to participate in maneuvers, and then moved to the Carolina Maneuvers to participate in large unit maneuvers on 8 July 1942.
It then moved on to Camp Blanding to fill its empty personnel slots on 19 August 1942, and then staged at Camp Kilmer on 20 September 1942, and shipped out from the New York Port of Embarkation on 5 October 1942 on the RMS Queen Mary and RMS Queen Elizabeth.
They arrived in England on 11 October 1942, and then were attached to the 1st Infantry Division in preparation for the D-Day invasion.
They moved with the 1st Infantry Division from 2 June 1944, and remained with 1st Infantry Division until 7 June 1944, when they returned to the 29th Infantry Division for further operations.
Their participation in the Normandy Campaign continued until it was over on 24 July 1944.
They immediately moved into the Northern France Campaign on 25 July 1944, which continued until it was over on 14 September 1944.
During this period the 115th Infantry Regiment was engaged in one of the war's forgotten chapters, "The Battle of Brest".
The Battle for Brest was one of the fiercest battles fought during Operation Cobra, the Allied breakout of Normandy which began on 27 July 1944, during the Battle of Normandy during World War II.
Part of the Allied plan for the invasion of mainland Europe called for the capture of port facilities, in order to ensure the timely delivery of the enormous amount of war material required to supply the invading Allied forces (it was estimated that the 37 Allied divisions to be on the continent by September 1944 would need 26,000 tons of supplies each day).
The main port the Allied forces hoped to seize and put into their service was Brest, in northwestern France.
Brest also served as a major German U-Boat base from 18 June 1940 until its surrender to U.S. forces during the Brittany Campaign.
Officers from the 115th Regimental Combat Team of the 29th Infantry Division (Photo Taken September 1944).
From Left to Right; Lt Col John P. Cooper (110th Field Artillery); Capt William Bruning; Lt Col Louis Smith; Major Glover Johns (VMI class of 1931); Major Anthony Miller, Jr.; Major Harold Perkins; Major Randolph Millholland; Major William Bratton.
Generalmajor Hans von der Mosel, Konteradmiral Otto Kähler and Generalmajor Hans Kroh surrender at Brest.
The 115th Infantry then started participation in the Rhineland Campaign on 15 September 1944, whereupon the 115th Infantry crossed from France to Belgium and the Netherlands both on 27 September 1944, and entered Germany on 30 September 1944.
This campaign continued unabated until 21 March 1945, and the 115th Infantry did not take part in the Ardennes Campaign.
With the end of the Rhineland Campaign, the 115th Infantry moved to the Central Europe Campaign on 22 March 1945, which continued until the end of Hostilities, which took place on 8 May 1945, but the campaign was not declared terminated until 11 May 1945.
The 115th Infantry was on occupation duty at Bremen, Germany on VE Day, and this continued through 1946.
The regiment returned to the New York Port of Embarkation on 16 January 1946, and mustered out at Camp Kilmer the next day.
The 115th Regiment sustained 5,948 casualties during the fighting in Europe.
Campaign streamers for Normandy (with arrowhead), North France, Rhineland, and Central Europe were added to the colors.
Additional decorations included a distinguished unit streamer embroidered "St. Laurent-Sur-Mer," a streamer in the colors of the French Croix du Guerre with palms embroidered "St. Laurent-Sur-Mer," and, for the First Battalion, a streamer in the colors of the French Croix du Guerre with Silver Star embroidered "St.
Lo."
After the war the 29th Infantry Division came home; however, unlike the end of World War I, the division was retained as a National Guard division.
In 1968, due to changing requirements, the division's colors were retired and its elements broken up into separate brigades.
The 115th became part of the 28th Division, the Keystone Division of Pennsylvania.
Later the 1–115th and other Maryland units were organized into the 58th Infantry Brigade, whose units were located entirely in Maryland.
In 1984 requirements changed again, prompting the reactivation of the 29th Infantry Division as a new, streamlined "Light" Infantry Division, ready to meet the demands of an ever-changing national defense, now and into the 21st century.
The division was reactivated on 5 Oct 1985, and included the 115th and other historic regiments from Maryland and Virginia.
As part of this reactivation, the 58th Infantry Brigade became the 3rd Brigade, 29th Infantry Division.
Elements of the brigade included the 1st and 2nd Battalions, 115th Infantry.
In October 2001, in the aftermath of terrorist attacks on the continental United States, the battalions of the 115th were called to active federal service as part of Operation Noble Eagle.
The 115th carried out critical security duties, protecting US federal installations from threats to the national security.
On 6 January 2005, Company B, 1–115th Infantry, mobilized again for active duty as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
They were assigned as part of the 48th Infantry Brigade (Mechanized), based in Georgia, for this operation.
They spent a year in Iraq.
For the first 5 months they conducted operations in a town called Saba Al boor north of Baghdad that had a population of between 50,000 and 65,000.
Saba Al Boor's population was half Sunni and Shia.
B Co 1/115th was the main effort for Task Force 2/70th Armor which is an active duty unit from Ft. Riley, Kansas.
B Co conducted raids, counter IED ambushes, air assaults, cordon and searches as well as combined patrols with the Iraqi Army.
For the remaining 7 months they performed convoy security operations out of the Marine base at Al Asad.
These convoy security missions included missions to country of Jordan, the Iraqi towns of Rawa, Hit, and al Taqaddum.
During B Co's time conducting convoy security operations they were able to reduce the rate of losses from 11%  of escorted equipment and supplies that was suffered by the unit previously conducting the mission to less than 2%.
In the beginning of 2006, the elements of the 115th were reorganized, along with the rest of the 3rd Brigade, 29th Infantry Division, as part of the 58th Infantry Brigade Combat Team.
In August 2006 the colors for the 115th Infantry Regiment were cased and its lineage consolidated (merged) with that of the 175th Infantry Regiment (Fifth Maryland).
Since 2003 the heritage of the regiment lives on along Route 15 through Maryland, where the Maryland Senate dedicated it as the 115th Infantry Regiment Memorial Highway.
13 was a project instigated by Elektra Records, who wanted product from the band for the Christmas season, to which the band reluctantly agreed.
Morrison even agreed to shave off his beard for the album cover's photo shoot, but the label opted for a younger photo of the singer, which they had also done for the group's live album Absolutely Live, released in July of that year.
As author Danny Sugerman observed in his memoir of the band, No One Here Gets Out Alive, "Elektra obviously wanted the 'pretty' Jim Morrison."
Morrison's image is also much larger than those of guitarist Robby Krieger, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, and drummer John Densmore, and Sugerman noted that, "Although Ray, Robby, and John had become accustomed to the attention directed towards their lead singer, it upset Jim."
The album's back cover features the band posing with what is believed to be a small bust of occultist Aleister Crowley.
In a contemporary review in 1971, music critic Dave Marsh wrote that although the album does indeed contain "thirteen classic songs," it fails to deliver on any purpose other than compiling the most radio-friendly hits in one place.
Marsh added that "no magnum opuses" were included in the collection.
"No 'The End', no 'When the Music's Over', no 'Soft Parade'... [it] would have been decidedly uncommercial to have them included here... Of course 'Five to One' isn't here; funny thing, outside of 'Unknown Soldier' none of the Doors' more controversial subject matter is included."
A copy of 13 Washington Square is housed at UCLA Film and Television Archive and the Library of Congress.
The 14th Punjab Regiment was formed in 1922 by amalgamation of the 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd and 24th Punjabis, and the 40th Pathans.
All six battalions were formed during the upheaval of the Indian Mutiny in 1857-58.
The first five were raised by John Lawrence in the Punjab, while the 40th Pathans were raised as the Shahjehanpur Levy.
The 20th and 22nd Punjabis served in China during the Second Opium War in 1860-62, while the 21st Punjabis participated in the Abyssinian Campaign of 1867-68.
All battalions saw extensive service on the North West Frontier of India and took part in the Second Afghan War of 1878-80.
The 20th Punjabis served in Egypt during the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882.
After the war, they were designated as the Duke of Cambridge's Own, when the duke became their honorary colonel.
In 1900, they returned to China along with the 24th Punjabis to suppress the Boxer Rebellion.
The 40th Pathans, who were for some time an exclusively Pathan unit, were sent to Tibet in 1904 as reinforcements for the Younghusband Expedition.
Taku Forts, Pekin 1860, China 1860-62, Abyssinia, Ali Masjid, Ahmad Khel, Kandahar 1880, Afghanistan 1878-80, Tel-el-Kebir, Egypt 1882, Malakand, Punjab Frontier, Pekin 1900, China 1900,
Ypres 1915, St Julien, Aubers, France and Flanders 1915, Macedonia 1918, Suez Canal, Egypt 1915, Megiddo, Sharon, Nablus, Palestine 1918, Basra, Shaiba, Kut al Amara 1915,  Ctesiphon, Defence of Kut al Amara, Kut al Amara 1917, Baghdad, Khan Baghdadi, Mesopotamia 1914-18, Merv, Persia 1915-19, NW Frontier, India 1915, ’17, Narungombe, East Africa 1916-18, Afghanistan 1919, Agordat, Keren, Wolchefit, Abyssinia 1940-41, Defence of Alamein Line, Alam el Halfa, North Africa 1940-43, Jitra, Kampar, Singapore Island, Malaya 1941-42, Hong Kong, South East Asia 1941-42, The Yu, North Arakan, Buthidaung, Razabil, Maungdaw, Ngakyedauk Pass, Imphal, Shenam Pass, Nungshigum, Bishenpur, Kanglatongbi, Kohima, Jessami, Naga Village, Mao Songsang, Monywa 1945, Kyaukse 1945, Nyaungu Bridgehead, Letse, Magwe, Rangoon Road, Pegu 1945, Sittang 1945, Burma 1942-45,
Kashmir 1948.
The series begins in the Modern era on May 31, 2000, during a small town wedding when the small West Virginia town of Grantville trades places in both time and geographic location with a nearly unpopulated countryside region within the Holy Roman Empire during the convulsions of the Thirty Years' War.
Flint's goal was to explore the short- and long-term effects of placing a single American town, complete with modern culture, technology and modes of thought, in certain periods of history.
The town elects the charismatic former pro-boxer Mike Stearns as president, and he quickly decides to provide refuge for those displaced as a result of the constant fighting, to branch out and grow as quickly as possible—to launch the American Revolution "150 years early", and found a "New United States".
The Grantvillers undertake to defend south central Thuringia with the aid of a cavalry detachment from king Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden's Green Regiment, and fights several battles which convince various polities to join the NUS.
By early 1632, their informal alliance with Gustavus and with Jews, their manufacturing capabilities, and their defeats of Catholic armies draws serious and well-designed concerted efforts to attack the "republican cancer" growing in Thuringia, and Grantville itself is attacked, teaching Stearns that he needs a protector to "buy time", even as the "up-timers" have determined that to retain as much technology as possible they need to "gear down" to a late nineteenth-century technology base while their modern equipment is still operable.
1633 continues where 1632 left off.
Most of the novel details various political machinations of the new "United States" and the attempts of Cardinal Richelieu to nullify the threat posed by the technological advantage the up-timers have given to Gustavus Adolphus and his "Confederated Principalities of Europe".
Richelieu completely changes France's foreign policy and forms an alliance aimed squarely at the NUS and Gustavus called the League of Ostend.
Mike Stearns sends emissaries looking for allies, some of whom end up behind enemy lines as they already belong to the secret League of Ostend, which announces its presence in the Battle of Four Fleets.
The Dutch Republic nearly falls and Stearns' emissary voluntarily stays behind, becoming trapped in the Siege of Amsterdam.
At this point, the newly created timeline start to diverge greatly from the actual history of the 17th Century, in no small part because the news of a town from the future brought spies and emissaries, and a fair number of encyclopedias and history textbooks found their way into European courts.
One theme of the series is of down-timer leaders trying to change, hasten or head off their histories while the acts of ordinary citizens going about their day-to-day affairs and of the leaders of Grantville effect more fundamental societal and political changes.
In the series the major novels carry the majority of internationally significant events, but the characters who perform the action are all too likely to have been introduced in one of the ground-eye view short stories which build deep background and form a backdrop for the overarching story lines.
Flint is on record of stating "history is messy" but is not the stuff of the linear narrative cleaned up, categorized and written into a history book—and that he wanted to capture some sense of how individual actions on the behalf of one's own self-interest actually form the essence of history, not some idealized superman controlling the throttle and steering wheel at the heart of changing events.
To a great extent, the short stories are fundamental to the main novels in the series, introducing characters and development which play again later in the longer works.
Much of writing in Ring of Fire (ROF) antedated this work, and events in this novel were correlated with the stories in that which in many cases, cover events and personalities referenced in this at the least, moreover, there is not a single story in the anthology which happens after the start of this book, they all take place ahead of its exposition.
One ROF story, "In the Navy", by Weber is a direct prequel to a main plot element in this book and its plot threads' direct sequel 1634: The Baltic War.
List of 1632 characters (fictional)
Publishers Weekly gives a positive review and praised the authors, Flint "for at showing how the new converts can make even the 'old Americans' uncomfortable in their zeal to achieve the blessings of 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,'" while Weber "helps smooth out characters who were stereotypes in the first book."
Booklist gave a mostly positive review saying that "if it takes too many pages for some, others will turn every one and cry for more, which the authors intend to provide."
The reviewer for the School Library Journal wrote that the book is "cleanly written, with an enormous cast of interesting characters...with constant action and the hint of danger."
Library Journal gave a positive review saying that the authors "take historic speculation to a new level in a tale that combines accurate historical research with bold leaps of the imagination."
1633 was listed on the Locus (magazine) Hardcovers Bestsellers List for three months in a row during 2002, topping at number 2, and also later on the Paperbacks Bestsellers List for a single month in 2003 at number 1.
Hynek is member of the Flora family.
It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.9–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 5 months (1,246 days).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 5° with respect to the ecliptic.
First identified as 1928 DE at Heidelberg, the asteroid's observation arc begins with its first used observation taken at Lowell Observatory in 1929, when it was identified as 1929 SO, nearly 43 years prior to its official discovery observation at Hamburg.
In the Tholen classification, Hynek is characterized as a common S-type asteroid.
In July 2007, the so-far best rated rotational lightcurve of Hynek was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomer Pierre Antonini.
Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 3.9410 hours with a brightness variation of 0.17 magnitude (U=3).
According to the surveys carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Hynek measures between 7.996 and 9.31 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo between 0.28 of 0.300.
The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for stony asteroids of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 9.80 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 12.41.
This minor planet was named after Hynek Kohoutek, the father of the discoverer, celebrating his 70th birthday.
The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 20 December 1974 (M.P.C.
3757).
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland between 30 May 1863 and 27 June 1863 to elect the members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
Due to problems of distance and communications, it was not possible to hold the elections on a single day.
The 1877 City of Wellington by-election was a by-election held in the multi-member City of Wellington electorate during the 6th New Zealand Parliament, on 27 March 1877.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of one of the two incumbent MPs, Edward Pearce, and led to his replacement by William Travers.
This was the first election held after the constitutional revision of 1887, achieved by Minister of the Interior Jan Heemskerk, which had several effects on the parliamentary system.
Firstly, this revision fixed the number of seats in the House of Representatives at 100.
Secondly, it abolished multi-seat electoral districts except in large cities in favour of single-seat districts, thus allowing for better representation of geographically concentrated political minorities.
Thirdly, the revision ensured all members of the House of Representatives would be elected simultaneously every four years, replacing the previous system of staggered elections.
Finally, the change greatly extended suffrage and allowed for gradual further extension by law.
The election was won by the confessional parties, leading to the first Coalition government, combining Anti-Revolutionaries and Catholics, led by Æneas, Baron Mackay, thus heralding a period of Antithesis as championed by Abraham Kuyper, in which government alternated between secular liberals on the left and confessional Anti-Revolutionaries and Catholics on the right.
The election also saw the first socialist elected into the House of Representatives, with Ferdinand Domela Nieuwenhuis, leader of the Social Democratic League, being elected in a rural Frisian district.
The 5th Prohibition Party National Convention assembled in Tomlinson Hall in Indianapolis, Indiana.
There were 1,029 delegates from all but three states.
Clinton B. Fisk was nominated for president unanimously.
John A. Brooks was nominated for vice-president.
The Prohibition ticket of Fisk and Brooks went on to capture a quarter-million popular votes as the prohibition movement gained steam.
The United Labor Party National Convention assembled in the Grand Opera House in Cincinnati, Ohio.
About 90 delegates attended.
The party was founded to foster Henry George's single tax movement.
The convention was held at the same time and city as the Union Labor Party.
An effort to run a joint ticket failed.
The United Labor Party convention nominated Robert H. Cowdrey for president on the first ballot.
W.H.T.
Wakefield of Kansas was nominated for vice-president over Victor H. Wilder from New York by a margin of 50–12.
The Greenback Party was in decline throughout the entire Cleveland administration.
In the election of 1884, the party failed to win any House seats outright, although they did win one seat in conjunction with Plains States Democrats (James B. Weaver) and a handful of other seats by endorsing the Democratic nominee.
In the election of 1886, only two dozen Greenback candidates ran for the House, apart from another six who ran on fusion tickets.
Again, Weaver was the party's only victor.
Much of the Greenback news in early 1888 took place in Michigan, where the party remained active.
In early 1888, it was not clear if the Greenback Party would hold another national convention.
The fourth Greenback Party National Convention assembled in Cincinnati on May 16, 1888.
So few delegates attended that no actions were taken.
On August 16, 1888, George O. Jones, chairman of the national committee, called a second session of the national convention.
The second session of the national convention met in Cincinnati on September 12, 1888.
Only seven delegates attended.
Chairman Jones issued an address criticizing the two major parties, and the delegates made no nominations.
With the failure of the convention, the Greenback Party ceased to exist.
The American Party held its third and last National Convention in Grand Army Hall in Washington, DC.
This was an Anti-Masonic party that ran under various party labels in the northern states.
When the convention assembled, there were 126 delegates; among them were 65 from New York and 15 from California.
Delegates from the other states bolted the convention when it appeared that New York and California intended to vote together on all matters and control the convention.
By the time the presidential balloting began, there were only 64 delegates present.
The convention nominated James L. Curtis from New York for president and James R. Greer from Tennessee for vice-president.
Greer declined to run, so Peter D. Wigginton of California was chosen as his replacement.
The second Equal Rights Party National Convention assembled in Des Moines, Iowa.
At the convention, mail-in ballots were counted.
The delegates cast 310 of their 350 ballots for the following ticket: Belva A. Lockwood for president and Alfred H. Love for vice-president.
Love was later replaced with Charles S. Wells NY.
The Industrial Reform Party National Convention assembled in Grand Army Hall, Washington, DC.
There were 49 delegates present.
Albert Redstone won the endorsement of some leaders of the disintegrating Greenback Party.
He told the Montgomery Advertiser that he would carry several states, including Alabama, New York, North Carolina, Arkansas, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Iowa, and Missouri.
Cleveland set the main issue of the campaign when he proposed a dramatic reduction in tariffs in his annual message to Congress in December 1887.
Cleveland contended that the tariff was unnecessarily high and that unnecessary taxation was unjust taxation.
The Republicans responded that the high tariff would protect American industry from foreign competition and guarantee high wages, high profits, and high economic growth.
The argument between protectionists and free traders over the size of the tariff was an old one, stretching back to the Tariff of 1816.
In practice, the tariff was practically meaningless on industrial products, since the United States was the low-cost producer in most areas (except woolens), and could not be undersold by the less efficient Europeans.
Nevertheless, the tariff issue motivated both sides to a remarkable extent.
Besides the obvious economic dimensions, the tariff argument also possessed an ethnic dimension.
At the time, the policy of free trade was most strongly promoted by the British Empire, and so any political candidate who ran on free trade instantly was under threat of being labelled pro-British and antagonistic to the Irish-American voting bloc.
Cleveland neatly neutralized this threat by pursuing punitive action against Canada (which, although autonomous, was still part of the British Empire) in a fishing rights dispute.
Harrison was well-funded by party activists and mounted an energetic campaign by the standards of the day, giving many speeches from his front porch in Indianapolis that were covered by the newspapers.
Cleveland adhered to the tradition of presidential candidates not campaigning, and forbade his cabinet from campaigning as well, leaving his 75-year-old vice-presidential candidate Thurman as the spearhead of his campaign.
William Wade Dudley (1842–1909), an Indianapolis lawyer, was a tireless campaigner and prosecutor of Democratic election frauds.
In 1888, Benjamin Harrison made Dudley Treasurer of the Republican National Committee.
The campaign was the most intense in decades, with Indiana dead even.
Although the National Committee had no business meddling in state politics, Dudley wrote a circular letter to Indiana's county chairmen, telling them to "divide the floaters into Blocks of Five, and put a trusted man with the necessary funds in charge of these five, and make them responsible that none get away and that all vote our ticket."
Dudley promised adequate funding.
His pre-emptive strike backfired when Democrats obtained the letter and distributed hundreds of thousands of copies nationwide in the last days of the campaign.
Given Dudley's unsavory reputation, few people believed his denials.
A few thousand "floaters" did exist in Indiana—men who would sell their vote for $2.
They always divided 50-50 (or perhaps, $5,000-$5,000) and had no visible impact on the vote.
The attack on "blocks of five" with the suggestion that pious General Harrison was trying to buy the election did enliven the Democratic campaign, and it stimulated the nationwide movement to replace ballots printed and distributed by the parties with secret ballots.
A California Republican named George Osgoodby wrote a letter to Sir Lionel Sackville-West, the British ambassador to the United States, under the assumed name of "Charles F. Murchison," describing himself as a former Englishman who was now a California citizen and asked how he should vote in the upcoming presidential election.
Sir Lionel wrote back and in the "Murchison letter" indiscreetly suggested that Cleveland was probably the best man from the British point of view.
The Republicans published this letter just two weeks before the election, where it had an effect on Irish-American voters exactly comparable to the "Rum, Romanism, and Rebellion" blunder of the previous election: Cleveland lost New York and Indiana (and as a result, the presidency).
Sackville-West was removed as British ambassador.
In 1968 the Michael P. Antoine Company produced the Walt Disney Company musical film The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band which centers around the election of 1888 and the annexing and subdividing of the Dakota Territory into states (which was a major issue of the election).
In September 1904, the first general strike in Italy took place.
The strike was called by the Chambers of Labor in several cities in response to several killings of striking workers, culminating in the shooting of a miner in Buggerru, Sardinia.
Participation was strongest in the north and the Po Valley.
The government headed by Prime Minister Giovanni Giolitti ordered local authorities to intervene as little as possible, predicting that the strike would die down on its own, which it did.
Nevertheless, it shook public confidence in the strength of the state and the middle class's support for Giolitti.
Statistics of Nemzeti Bajnokság I in the 1907/1908 season.
It was contested by 9 teams, and MTK Hungária FC won the championship.
The Cheltenham by-election was a Parliamentary by-election.
It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post voting system.
Seattle won the PCHA title after finishing the 1916–17 regular season in first place with a 16–8 record.
Meanwhile, Montreal advanced to the final series after narrowly defeating the Ottawa Senators, 7–6, in a two-game total-goals playoff series to end the 1916–17 NHA season.
Several of the Metropolitans had won the Stanley Cup together on the 1914 Toronto Blueshirts: Jack Walker had been playing coach of Toronto, with Eddie Carpenter (a substitute with Toronto), Frank Foyston, Hap Holmes and Cully Wilson.
Pre-season the Northern Rugby Football Union decided to drop the 'Union' in favour of 'League' and the first annual conference of the League is held at Keswick.
Hull Kingston Rovers moved from their Craven Street ground to Craven Park at the eastern end of Holderness Road this season.
Their first game against Wakefield Trinity on 2 September ended in a 3-0 defeat.
Wigan Highfield joined the League.
Hull Kingston Rovers won their first ever Championship when they defeated Huddersfield 15-5 in the play-off final.
Hull F.C.
had finished the regular season as the league leaders and were the first in that position not to contend a play-off final.
The Challenge Cup was won by Leeds when they defeated Hull F.C.
28-3 in the final.
Wigan won the Lancashire League, and Hull F.C.
won the Yorkshire League.
Wigan beat Leigh 20–2 to win the Lancashire Cup, and York beat Batley 5–0 to win the Yorkshire County Cup.
The 1927 National Challenge Cup was the annual open cup held by the United States Football Association now known as the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
International footballer Sven Rydell was a member of the winning team.
The following players for Redbergslids IK received a winner's medal: K.G Andersson, "Daggy" Karlsson, Bengt Åberg, Torsten Andersson, Ingvald Carlsson, Tage Sjöberg, Sven Rydell, Sven Åblad and Arne Kinell.
In late 1928, the government of the Mongolian People's Republic and the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party had begun to implement the 'left policy' aimed at the quick introduction of socialism.
Private trade and private transport were forbidden, at the same time Mongolia's livestock economy was to be collectivized, the feudal nobles were expropriated, the Buddhist church was targeted by excessive taxes, lamas were transferred to secular life, and many monasteries forcibly closed.
The state-sponsored transport and trade organizations were not at all able to replace the old, private-owned networks, and neglect and mismanagement in the newly founded collectives (Mongolian: khamtral) led to the loss of 7 million heads of livestock, or one third of the 1929 level.
All this resulted not only in a steady stream across the border to Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang, but also to local uprisings—for example, the uprising at Tögsbuyant monastery of Uvs aimag, which lasted from March to May 1930.
Sporadic riots occurred in the February - April 1930 in different areas of southern and south-western Mongolia.
The main uprising began on April 10 or 11th 1932 in the Khyalganat monastery of Rashaant sum in Khövsgöl aimag, and spread quickly to neighbouring monasteries.
The insurgents founded a high command under the name ‘’Ochirbatyn yaam’’ (Mongolian: Ochirbat’s ministry), and began arming the local lamas and lay people, burning down collective and sum centres, and killing opponents, especially targeting officials, party and youth league members who actively fought with religion for introduction of socialism.
The rebellion quickly dispersed in aimags of Arkhangai, Övörkhangai, Zavkhan and Dörböt.
The first response by the Mongolian government was the establishment of an extraordinary commission headed by Jambyn Lkhümbe, and the deployment of armed units by the Ministry of the Interior in Ulaanbaatar, on April 15/16th.
Main powers of the rebels were defeated to July, and the government started to withdraw troops.
In August, however, the rebellion resumed starting again from the south of Khövsgöl and the north of Arkhangai aimags.
It is supposed that the Mongolian rebels have connection with similar uprising in Tuva.
The uprising covered area of about 155 thousand km².
The garrison of Tsetserleg town, numbered 1195 people, joined the rebels.
In general, most of rebels were common herdsmen.
In Övörkhangai aimag 90% members of Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party and the Revolutionary youth union joined the rebels, as well as 95% of collective farms.
The troops of rebels numbered from dozens to thousands men.
They were armed mainly with flintlocks, rarely old rifles.
Governmental troops  were smaller, to few hundred men.
They were armed much better.
They had modern rifles, machine guns, grenades, mountain artillery, armored cars and planes provided by the USSR.
Soviet troops were not introduced, but military advisers participated in some battles.
The uprising was suppressed to November.
The uprising covered four most populated aimags (Khövsgöl, Arkhangai, Övörkhangai, Zavkhan, Dörböt, partly Altai and Southern Govi).
The numbers are quite fragmentary but more than 3,000 people are said to have participated on the side of the insurgents, and they are said to have killed more than 700 people between April and July 1932.
According to a short-time chairman of the Defense Council, D. Ölziibat, 500 insurgents were killed in 16 battles, and 615 insurgents were condemned to death by drumhead courts-martial.
35 sum centres and 45 cooperatives were destroyed.
According to one Soviet document, 8000-10,000 people were killed.
Total number of people killed by insurgents is many times less than the total number of victims of the uprising.
Convinced the threat to the authority of the MPRP by the "left course", the Bolsheviks' leadership ordered to stop the "left" reforms in Mongolia and to transfer to the "new course".
As a result, anti-religious policies were eased after June 1932, and collectivization was called off.
However, the Mongolian nobility had been destroyed, and the political moderation was only to be temporary: the Buddhist church would be almost completely eradicated in the Stalinist purges of the late 1930s, and livestock would be collectivized again in the 1950s.
Dublin easily defeated Kerry in the All-Ireland semi-final, held in 1934 in Tralee.
A crowd of 36,143 attended the match.
Galway had a two-point win over Dublin, with goals by the Kerry-born Michael Ferriter (2) and Martin Kelly.
The winning Galway team was the first to wear the now famous maroon and white colours of the county.
Bobby Beggs played for the losing Dublin team that day; he would line out for the winning Galway team in 1938.
This was Galway's second All-Ireland football title (the first was in 1925) and the first time the Sam Maguire Cup went west since it was first presented to the winning team in 1928.
The winning team went to New York to play some games for the Americans there.
A photograph exists showing the 1934 All-Ireland football title winning team aboard the ship on their way across the Atlantic to America.
The captain was Mick Higgins.
Also included are Mick Ferriter, Frank Fox, Dinny Sullivan, Tadg McCarthy, Fr Brune, masseur Toddy Ryan, County Board secretary Martin Regan, Mick Connaire, Brendan Nestor, Frank Burke, goalkeeper Michael Brennan, Joe Kelleher, Paddy Stephens, Ralph Griffin, John Dunne, Dermot Mitchell, Hugo Carey, Pat McDonnell, Tommy Hughes, trainer Tom Molloy, Fr Eugene McLoughlin, and various others whose identities are unknown.
In 1936, the VFL competition consisted of twelve teams of 18 on-the-field players each, plus one substitute player, known as the 19th man.
A player could be substituted for any reason; however, once substituted, a player could not return to the field of play under any circumstances.
Teams played each other in a home-and-away season of 18 rounds; matches 12 to 18 were the "home-and-way reverse" of matches 1 to 7.
Once the 18 round home-and-away season had finished, the 1936 VFL Premiers were determined by the specific format and conventions of the Page-McIntyre System.
Collingwood defeated South Melbourne 11.23 (89) to 10.18 (78), in front of a crowd of 74,091 people.
(For an explanation of scoring see Australian rules football).
Lausanna is a S-type asteroid and member of the Flora family, one of the largest collisional populations of stony asteroids in the main-belt.
It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.9–2.6 AU once every 3 years and 4 months (1,222 days).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.16 and an inclination of 3° with respect to the ecliptic.
It was first identified as 1934 KA at Johannesburg Observatory in 1934, extending the body's observation arc by 40 years prior to its official discovery observation at Zimmerwald.
In March 2014, two rotational lightcurves of Lausanna were obtained from photometric observations by American astronomer Brian Skiff and by Johan Warell at Lindby Observatory (K60) in Sweden.
Lightcurve analysis gave an identical rotation period of 2.748 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.13 and 0.12 magnitude, respectively (U=3-/2).
The short period is near the threshold of 2.2 hours for fast rotating asteroids.
According to the space-based survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Lausanna measures 7.64 and 8.21 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo of 0.166 and 0.192, respectively.
The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes an albedo of 0.24 – derived from 8 Flora, the largest member and namesake of its family – and calculates a diameter of 7.82 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 12.7.
This minor planet was named for the Swiss city of Lausanne, located in the French-speaking part of the country.
The discoverer Paul Wild, known for his unconventional minor-planet namings, discovered three more asteroids during winter of 1973/74.
He named these 1935 Lucerna, 1936 Lugano and 1937 Locarno, after the Swiss cities Lucerne, Lugano and Locarno, respectively, hence composing an alliterated quartet of sequentially numbered, thematically named minor planets.
The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 1 April 1978 (M.P.C.
4358).
Rollon - Aalesund 0-2
Brann - Årstad 1-0
Djerv - Drafn 2-3
Fredrikstad - Nydalen 8-1
Freidig - Kvik (Trondheim) 3-7
Frigg - Lisleby 7-1
Gimsøy - Mjøndalen 1-2
Gjøvik/Lyn - Gjøa 3-2
Start - Grane (Arendal) 1-0
Moss - Skiens-Grane 3-1
Kvik (Halden) - Lyn 1-6
Lillestrøm - Pors 2-0
Neset - Ranheim 3-1
Skiold - Sarpsborg 1-2
Skeid - Snøgg 3-0
Stavanger IF - Viking 1-3
Drafn - Aalesund 1-2
Brann - Moss 0-7
Frigg - Fredrikstad 0-1
Kvik (Trondheim) - Neset 1-3
Lyn - Lillestrøm 3-0
Sarpsborg - Gjøvik/Lyn 1-0
Mjøndalen - Skeid 0-2
Viking - Start 5-0
Skeid - Aalesund 3-2
Fredrikstad - Viking 10-0
Moss - Lyn 1-1 (extra time)
Neset - Sarpsborg 1-6/1-3
Rematch
Lyn - Moss 1-2
Sarpsborg - Fredrikstad 0-1
Skeid - Moss 6-3
Morning weather charts detected a "slight" disturbance between St. Martin and St. Thomas on August 5.
Around 18:00 UTC that day, a tropical depression developed about 30 mi (48 km) west-northwest of Anegada in the British Virgin Islands.
The storm moved moving west-northwest near the Mona Passage, bringing squalls of 44 miles per hour (71 km/h) to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
On August 6, the developing storm was near the southeastern Bahamas, bringing moderate to rough seas.
The cyclone turned northward after its close approach to the southeastern Bahamas.
By August 10 a ship reported that winds were hurricane force.
In the afternoon of August 11, the hurricane made landfall near Beaufort, South Carolina where it moved inland and turned just northeast of Savannah, Georgia between 5 and 6 p.m. on the same day.
Savannah's wind peaked at 73 miles per hour (117 km/h) and the pressure fell to 28.78 inches of mercury (975 hPa).
It was the area's worst storm in 29 years.
Hurricane-force winds were witnessed between Savannah and Charleston.
Weakening into a tropical storm that evening, for the next four or five days the storm meandered inland as a weak tropical storm before evolving into an extratropical cyclone on the evening of August 14.
From August 7 and 9, small craft were advised to exercise caution over the eastern Bahamas and western subtropical Atlantic Ocean as the system approached the region.
By 9:30 a.m. on August 10, small craft warnings were in effect for the extreme northern Bahamas, and along the United States coast from Miami, Florida to Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
By the morning of August 11, storm warnings were in effect from Wilmington, North Carolina northward to Cape Hatteras and from Savannah, Georgia to Fernandina Beach, Florida.
Hurricane warnings were in effect from Savannah northward to Wilmington.
All coastal warnings were dropped by August 12.
A storm tide of 13 feet (4.0 m) was measured along the coast of South Carolina.
The cyclone inflicted $1.5 million in damage in Charleston, South Carolina, while Savannah, Georgia received $1 million in damage.
Damage to the country's coastline totaled $3 million (1940 USD).
Two people at Savannah died, one of whom from heart failure due to fright.
Near the point of landfall, a total of 10.84 inches (275 mm) of rainfall fell at Beaufort, South Carolina within a 24-hour period.
The highest reported rainfall amount in Georgia was recorded was 13.68 inches (347 mm) one mile east of Louisville while the highest amount in South Carolina was reported from Charleston, where 12.66 inches (322 mm) fell.
On the coastal areas where the hurricane hit, there was a considerable loss of life.
Early press reports said that 35 had died.
According to the Monthly Weather Review, the deaths were low because of hurricane warnings and evacuations.
However, modern sources indicate that 50 people died during this storm.
After leaving the coast, the dissipating storm brought heavy rains that sparked disastrous flash floods.
The floods inundated much of Tennessee, the Carolinas and northern Georgia.
Rainfall amounts across western North Carolina exceeded 15 inches (380 mm), with the highest amount recorded at Idlewild, where 20.65 inches (525 mm) fell.
Landslides were common in the mountains of western North Carolina, where it is considered a once in over 100 year landslide event.
The East Tennessee and Western North Carolina railroad line was severed so badly it ceased operation.
The peak discharge of the flood along Wilson Creek near Adako, North Carolina was estimated at 99,000 cubic feet per second (2,800 m³/s).
A total of 26 perished during the Deep Gap Debris Flow in Watauga County, North Carolina alone.
Major portions of the county were cut off for two weeks.
Debris flows and flooding cut off U.S. Highway 421 in 21 places through a six-mile stretch of roadway between Deep Gap and Maple Springs in Wilkes County, North Carolina.
Flooding destroyed 90% of the bridges in Caldwell County, North Carolina.
Press reports stated that 30 people died in the floods.
Damage amounted to over $10 million (1940 USD).
Rains began in Virginia on August 13, as the system entered the state from the west.
Deluges flooded locations across southern and western sections of the Old Dominion.
Hampton Roads measured 4.76 inches (121 mm) of rainfall.
The highest rainfall amount statewide was recorded at Copper Hill, where 17.03 inches (433 mm) fell.
Emporia, on the Meherrin River, recorded a flood of record on August 17 when the river crested at 31.50 feet (9.60 m), which was 8.5 feet (2.6 m) feet above flood stage.
Mountain rivers and streams overflowed, washing out bridges and causing landslides which blocked roads.
Several highways between Norfolk, southwest Virginia, and Asheville, North Carolina were closed.
A collision on August 13 involving the oil screw F.B.
Scarbrough 5 miles (8.0 km) above Coles Point may have been caused by this system.
The 1947–48 Soviet Championship League season was the second season of the Soviet Championship League, the top level of ice hockey in the Soviet Union.
10 teams participated in the league, and CDKA Moscow won the championship.
The 1947 New York City smallpox outbreak occurred in March, 1947 and was declared ended on April 24, 1947.
The outbreak marked two milestones for America.
First, it was the largest mass vaccination effort ever conducted for smallpox in America, and second, it marked the last outbreak of smallpox in America.
Within three weeks of the discovery of the outbreak, the U.S. Public Health Service, in conjunction with New York City health officials, had procured vaccine and inoculated over 6,350,000 adults and children.
Of that number, 5,000,000 had been vaccinated within the first two weeks.
The rapid response was credited with limiting the outbreak to 12 people, 10 of whom recovered, while 2 died.
On February 24, 1947, Eugene Le Bar, a 47-year-old rug merchant from Maine, and his wife, boarded a bus in Mexico City, where the couple had been vacationing, for the return trip to New York City.
That evening, Le Bar fell ill with a headache and neck pain.
Two days later, he developed a red rash.
The couple arrived in Manhattan on March 1, checked into a midtown hotel, and did some sightseeing and shopping.
By March 5, Le Bar had developed a fever and pronounced rash.
He was admitted to Bellevue Hospital, but because of the rash was transferred three days later to Willard Parker Hospital, a communicable disease hospital also in Manhattan.
On admission to Willard Parker, the differential diagnosis was drug reaction (since Le Bar had reported taking proprietary headache powders and aspirin), erythema multiforme, Kaposi's varicelliform eruption, and smallpox.
However, because Le Bar had a smallpox vaccination scar, an atypical rash, and no history of exposure, smallpox was immediately ruled out.
A biopsy of the skin lesions did not reveal the Guarnieri bodies characteristic of smallpox.
Following further tests, Le Bar was diagnosed with having a drug reaction to the headache powders and aspirin he'd taken earlier.
Despite supportive care, Le Bar's condition worsened and he died on March 10.
Two patients on the same floor at Willard Parker Hospital with Le Bar were discharged soon after Le Bar's death.
However, both patients, one a 22-month-old baby girl who had been treated for croup, and the other, Ishmael Acosta, a 27-year-old hospital worker who had been treated for mumps, were rehospitalized on March 21 and 27, respectively, with the same rash and fever that Le Bar had.
Biopsies done on lesion from both patients showed Guarnieri bodies, establishing the diagnosis of smallpox.
As soon as the diagnosis was made, all the patients and staff of Willard Parker Hospital were vaccinated for smallpox, while the New York City Department of Health and the U.S. Public Health Service were notified.
All the known contacts of the baby girl and Acosta were also vaccinated.
A review of Le Bar's autopsy results and reexamination of the skin lesions this time demonstrated Guarnieri bodies and confirmed Le Bar had died of smallpox.
Because he was the first case, he was designated the index patient.
The next concern for the health department was tracking down Le Bar's contacts, including everybody who stayed at the hotel at the same time he did.
The immediate contacts at the hotel included guests still there and those who had checked out starting on the day Le Bar checked in.
Guests who were still there were all vaccinated.
Those who had left and gone to other states were advised to see their doctors and get vaccinated as soon as possible.
The tracing of Le Bar's contacts included all passengers on the bus trip, including those who boarded or left at stops in seven states.
The U.S. Public Health Service determined that passengers had final destinations in 29 states.
Warnings were sent to the public health authorities in all 29 states, and all passengers were tracked down and advised to be inoculated as soon as possible.
No cases were ultimately reported in any of the hotel guests or the bus passengers.
Others who came into contact with Le Bar included patients and staff at Bellevue and Willard Parker Hospitals.
Coincidentally, Ishmael Acosta, the 27-year-old man who had been rehospitalized in Willard Parker, was an orderly at Bellevue.
However, no contact with Le Bar had occurred at Bellevue because Acosta was already a patient at Willard Parker when Le Bar was admitted to Bellevue.
However, during the time between Acosta's discharge from and readmission to Willard Parker, he had returned to work at Bellevue.
Three male patients he had prepped and transported to surgery later developed fever and rash.
They were transferred to Willard Parker and all three were diagnosed with smallpox.
All of Le Bar's contacts in New York City, which numbered several hundred, were vaccinated and sequestered to prevent further spread of the illness.
A 4-year-old boy being treated for whooping cough at Willard Parker Hospital was discharged on March 10, the day Eugene Le Bar died.
He was transferred to Cardinal Hayes Convalescent Home for Children, a Catholic nursing facility in Millbrook, New York.
He subsequently developed a rash and fever.
It was later determined that he had smallpox and was the source of infection for three others at the facility including a 62-year-old nun, a 5-year-old boy, and a 2-year-old girl.
A 2 1/2-year-old boy admitted to Willard Parker Hospital for treatment of whooping cough just prior to Le Bar's death also came down with smallpox and was diagnosed on March 17.
In addition, Carmen Acosta—Ishmael Acosta's wife—was admitted to Willard Parker Hospital on April 6 with a rash and fever, and was diagnosed with smallpox a day later.
She died on April 12.
Eugene Le Bar's wife was contacted in Maine where she had returned after her husband's death.
She had been vaccinated prior to her departure from New York and remained healthy.
On April 4, 1947, New York City Mayor William O'Dwyer and Commissioner of Health Israel Weinstein informed the public about the smallpox outbreak and announced plans to vaccinate everybody in the city.
At the time, the New York City Health Department had 250,000 individual doses of vaccine and 400,000 doses in bulk.
O'Dwyer called an emergency meeting with the heads of the seven American pharmaceutical companies involved in vaccine production and asked them for a commitment to provide 6 million doses of vaccine.
The pharmaceutical companies accomplished the task by putting the vaccine into round-the-clock production.
Additional vaccine doses were obtained from the Army and Navy.
Vaccination clinics were set up around the city at hospitals, health department clinics, police and fire stations, and schools.
Volunteers drawn from the American Red Cross, the City Health Department, off-duty police and firefighters, and the disbanded, but vast, World War II Air Raid Warden networks located in all of New York's coastal towns, went door-to-door to urge residents to get vaccinated.
A radio and print ad campaign called, "Be sure, be safe, get vaccinated!"
advertised the vaccination clinic locations and emphasized that vaccination was free.
Within days, long lines formed outside the clinics.
More than 600,000 New Yorkers were vaccinated in the first week.
The vaccination clinics began closing April 26, with the last closing May 3, 1947.
Twelve cases of smallpox were confirmed—9 in Manhattan and 3 in Millbrook.
Seven were adults and 5 were children, the latter group all age 5 and under.
The oldest patient was the 62-year-old nun.
The youngest patient was the 22-month-old baby girl.
Two patients—Eugene Le Bar, age 47, and Carmen Acosta, age 25—died.
As a result of the mass vaccination, there were 46 cases of encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain and spinal cord, resulting in 8 deaths in the following weeks.
However, brain tissue was examined from all 8 fatalities, and in a report on the outbreak written by Commissioner of Health Weinstein, he stated that they had other diseases of the central nervous system and none had encephalitis.
Three deaths were clearly related to other complications of the vaccine—a 66-year-old man who developed sepsis from an infected vaccination site, and two infants with eczema who developed generalized vaccinia after contact with others who had been vaccinated.
Two additional victims who received the smallpox vaccine and died were named in newspaper reports—Benjamin F. Cohen, age 41, of Newark, N.J., who died on May 5, a little more than two weeks after being vaccinated, and Nancy Jean Vanderhoof, age 3, of New Providence, N.J., who died May 7, a week after receiving her vaccination.
According to the Center for Disease Control, the rate for post-vaccination encephalitis following the smallpox vaccine is 3 to 12 per million, and the fatality rate is about 1 in a million.
(Since this was the largest vaccination campaign ever, it is likely to have contributed substantially to the C.D.C.
's data and estimates.)
Even President Harry S. Truman received a vaccination for a brief trip to give a speech in New York City to news reporters.
There were two additional cases of smallpox transmitted in the New York City area at that same time—a merchant seaman who had temporarily lived with relatives in Manhattan from March 4 to 15, and R.C.
Smith, man who lived in Trenton, N.J. and died nearby in Camden, N.J., on April 17, 1947.
Neither had any known contact with Le Bar or any of the cases traced to him.
New York Yankees pitcher Bill Bevens became ill from his vaccination and had to miss his scheduled start on April 29, 1947.
Sylvia Steinberg, a woman who lived in The Bronx, posed as a nurse representing a hospital and vaccinated about 500 people with water over three days.
She pleaded guilty to unlawful practice of medicine, assault, and illegal possession of a hypodermic needle, and was sentenced to six months in jail.
The events associated with the smallpox outbreak were dramatized in the Columbia Pictures movie The Killer That Stalked New York, released in 1950.
St. George winger Ron Roberts’ 25 tries during 1949 stands in third place behind Les Brennan’s 29 in 1954 and Bob Lulham’s 28 in 1947 for the highest number of tries by a player in a debut season.
The 1949 season was also the last in the NSWRFL for future Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame inductee, Vic Hey.
Under the leadership of Harry Combes and coming off consecutive third-place finishes in the NCAA Tournament, the Fighting Illini men's basketball program had become one of the most powerful in the nation.
The 1952-53 team returned one of the most dominant players in the NCAA, Johnny Kerr.
It also returned United Press honorable mention all-American guards Irv Bemoras and Jim Bredar.
Unfortunately the Illini would lose 4 conference games during the Big Ten season which would give them a second-place finish.
Three of the four losses came at the hands of ranked opponents.
The starting lineup included captain Jim Bredar and Irving Bemoras at guard, Clive Follmer and Max Hooper at the forward slot with Robert Peterson and, future hall of famer Johnny "Red" Kerr at the center position.
The team also included former University of Minnesota head coach Jim Dutcher.
The 1953 Carrera Panamericana was the fourth running of the Carrera Panamericana Mexican sports car racing event, and the first edition as a part of the World Sportscar Championship.
The race took place from 19–23 November, and was run from Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas, to Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, over 8 stages and 3,077 kilometres (1,912 mi).
182 cars started the race, and 60 finished all 8 stages.
For the 1953 race, the existing Sports and Stock classes were both subdivided into Large and Small groups, giving four categories in which to compete.
These were split by engine capacity; sports cars were divided under and over 1600 cc (98 ci), and stock cars under and over 3500 cc (213.5 ci).
This was to accommodate the huge number of participants and the diverse breeds of cars within the race.
Going into the race, Ferrari had a slender championship lead of just two points over Jaguar.
Although neither manufacturer had sent work entries to Mexico, the title could still be snatched by the Coventry marque, despite the Italian marque having more cars in the event.
Both Lancia and Lincoln came to the race highly organized and both factories swept 1–2–3 finishes in their respective categories.
The Europeans dominated the sports categories, and the Americans the stock.
Large Sports Cars was won by Juan Manuel Fangio of Argentina and Gino Bronzoni of Italy in a Lancia D24 Pinin Farina, Small Sports Cars by José Herrarte Ariano and Carlos González from Guatemala in a Porsche 550 Coupé.
Large Stock Cars was won by Chuck Stevenson and Clay Smith of the United States in a Lincoln Capri and Small Stock Cars by C.D.
Evans and Walter Krause, Jr., also of the U.S., in a six-cylinder Chevrolet 210.
Stevenson has the distinction of being the only person to ever win twice in the original race.
The race was marred by the death of a number of competitors.
The co-driver and pacenote systems championed by the Mercedes-Benz teams of the previous year were vindicated by the failure of an alternative system used by some other works drivers, notably those of Lancia.
During pre-race runs of the route at much safer speeds, Felice Bonetto and Piero Taruffi, winner of the 1951 edition of the race, painted warning signals on the road to remind themselves of particular hazards.
This resulted in the death of Bonetto who, leading the race under pressure from Taruffi, missed his own warning signs.
Entering the village of Silao, he encountered rough pavement at excessive speed and impacted a building, killing him instantly.
As a result of Guido Mancini and Fabrizio Serena di Lapigio finishing in fourth place, in their Ferrari 375 MM Pinin Farina Berlinetta, they secured three points for Ferrari, thereby increasing the Maranello marque points lead over Jaguar, giving them the 1953 World Championship for Manufacturer title.
The race was held over eight stages over a total distance of 1,912 miles.
Fangio and Bronzoni won in their works-entered Lancia D24 Pinin Farina.
The pair finished the race in 18 hours and 11 minutes, averaging 169.221 kilometres per hour (105.149 mph).
Second place went to their teammates, Piero Taruffi and Luigi Maggio, in their D24, just 7:51 minutes behind.
The podium was complete by another of the Scuderia Lancia cars that of Eugenio Castellotti, with his co-driver, Carlo Luoni, in their Lancia D23, over 6:01 minutes adrift.
Marsh Barton Stadium in Exeter closed; many smaller independent tracks were susceptible to closure, mainly due to the fact that government taxing of tote profits outweighed the income from attendances.
This was leaving many of them untenable.
Regulated tracks under the National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) banner were better off and remained successful, with annual tote turnover still around £55 million.
The Greyhound Racing Association (GRA) continued to be the most successful greyhound company (as it had been every year since the introduction of racing in 1926).
The Chairman Francis Gentle announced that net profits had increased to £119,000 but the sale of Harringay Arena had been agreed because it was operating at a loss.
It was sold to the Home and Colonial Stores Ltd.
Gentle remains Chairman of the company but relinquishes his role as Managing Director to be replaced by Laddie Lucas.
Ford Spartan won the 1957 English Greyhound Derby and Duet Leader was voted Greyhound of the Year.
Kilcaskin Kern won the Irish St Leger and then went through a hectic schedule, flown straight to London to join new trainer Tony Dennis.
The fawn dog then qualified for the Cloth of Gold at Charlton with three quick trials on three successive days.
The decision was justified after he won the title.
He also won Grand Prix at Walthamstow Stadium later in the year.
Ford Spartan (the Derby champion) won Laurels at Wimbledon Stadium but was then surprisingly retired to stud after just fourteen months racing.
Duke of Alva won all his races in reaching the St Leger final at Wembley and recorded sub 40 second runs in each round, the final was televised live on the BBC.
Scoutbush was sold for $4,500, shortly after his Cesarewitch victory, to stand at stud in the United States.
Sir Arthur Elvin MBE died, he had saved Wembley Stadium and turned it into one of the most famous stadiums in the world.
Without him it would have been demolished in 1926.
Elias Jolley stood trial, after the 80 year old general manager of White City Stadium (Nottingham) was accused of widespread rigging of tote odds and destroying evidence.
It was agreed by the London Greyhound Tracks committee that any greyhound disqualified for fighting would lose any prize money and trophies but it would not affect the result in terms of betting.
Derby runner-up Highway Tim was stolen from the kennels of Rosalie Beba, one month after the Derby final but was recovered safely after the van carrying them crashed and the driver was arrested.
The unsuccessful ante post Irish Greyhound Derby favourite, Solar Prince, went on to win the Tipperary Cup and Callanan Cup before winning a White City invitation race featuring Kilcaskin Kern, Ballypatrick and Northern King, held on the Oaks final night.
Prairie Champion has his first race was on 10 October 1957, when he participated in the McCalmont Cup at Kilkenny.
He won his heat by ten lengths in 29.80 seconds and then won the final.
After recording 29.10 seconds in a 525 yards trial at Harold's Cross Stadium he was bought by Al Burnett, who was known for owning the Pigalle Club in London and renamed Pigalle Wonder.
The New Year Honours 1962 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
They were announced in supplements to the London Gazette of 29 December 1961 to celebrate the year passed and mark the beginning of 1962.
At this time honours for Australians were awarded both in the United Kingdom honours, on the advice of the premiers of Australian states, and also in a separate Australia honours list.
The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour, and arranged by honour, with classes (Knight, Knight Grand Cross, etc.)
and then divisions (Military, Civil, etc.)
as appropriate.
* - Councillor seeking re-election
 - Party of former Councillor
The Councillors seeking re-election at this election were elected in 1960 for a three-year term, therefore comparisons are made with the 1960 election results.
A total of eighteen teams entered the under-21 championship, the same number as the previous year, however, there was a difference in the composition.
In Munster, Kerry declined to field a team in spite of a spirited display against Galway the previous year.
In Leinster, Carlow and Louth made way for Meath and Wicklow.
An Ulster championship was organised for the first time, with Down joining provincial kingpins Antrim.
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1970 season.
It was contested by 5 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
The Kingston-upon-Thames by-election of 4 May 1972 was held after Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) John Boyd-Carpenter was appointed chairman of the Civil Aviation Authority.
The seat was retained by the Conservatives, with Norman Lamont winning.
He held the seat until it was abolished in 1997.
(Lamont is best known for serving as Chancellor of the Exchequer 1990-93, during the Premiership of John Major.)
Françoise Dürr defeated  Rosemary Casals 6–4, 1–6, 6–4
Mona Schallau /  Pam Teeguarden defeated  Françoise Dürr /  Betty Stöve 6–3, 5–7, 6–4
Every team played two games against each other team, one at home and one away.
Teams received two points for a win and one point for a draw.
If two or more teams were tied on points, places were determined by goal difference and, if still tied, by goals scored.
The team with the most points were crowned champions while the three teams with the fewest points were relegated to their respective 2.
Bundesliga divisions.
VfB Stuttgart, Tennis Borussia Berlin and Wuppertaler SV were relegated to the 2.
Bundesliga after finishing in the last three places.
They were replaced by Hannover 96, winners of the 2.
Bundesliga Northern Division, Karlsruher SC, winners of the Southern Division and Bayer 05 Uerdingen, who won a two-legged promotion play-off against FK Pirmasens.
The supercell thunderstorm first showed evidence in the damage survey near Bushnell.
On several farms broad convergent and cyclonic crop damage exhibited evidence of the parent tornadocyclone.
Trees were uprooted and structural damage varied with windows broken and buildings partially unroofed.
A funnel cloud was spotted at 4:01 pm about 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Prairie City.
The first tornado of a complex combination of tornado family and extreme downbursts touched down at 4:30 p.m. about 14 miles (23 km) west of the small city of Canton (or 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Blyton) and immediately grew to very large size in agrarian central Fulton County.
It continued meandering rural areas with an average movement of easterly roughly near Illinois Route 9 for 11.1 miles (17.9 km) before ending about 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Fiatt.
A grain elevator was leveled and blown about 0.75 miles (1.21 km) away.
Total damages were around $250,000.
A University of Chicago team headed by Ted Fujita surveyed the damage path as 1.5 miles (2.4 km) wide at times and suction spot crop damage indicated a multiple vortex tornado.
Before that tornado lifted, a second tornado touched down to the left of the first tornado at 4:45 p.m. on the east side of Fiatt, and it too in conjunction with intense downburst winds proceeded in a meandering path roughly eastward roughly along Route 9.
There was no break in the damage because of the proximity of the tornadoes and the accompanying exceptionally intense downburst activity.
This tornado roared into Canton with a damage path 1.5 miles (2.4 km) wide, essentially destroying or heavily damaging the entire southern half of the town.
It devastated much of the downtown area, destroying or damaging 127 businesses concentrated within a five block swath.
Many of these buildings were completely destroyed and others were so severely damaged to require razing.
The tornado caused heavy residential losses with about 100 frame houses destroyed and an additional 300 damaged; 50 trailers were destroyed and another 100 were damaged.
Two people were killed at Horton's Mobile Home Manor on the eastern side of town.
Sixty-nine people were injured, of which 14 required hospitalization and 45 were treated and released.
Straight-line winds from downbursts inflicted less intense damage across the remainder of town.
Total damages amounted to around $25 million (1975 USD).
Power was not restored to some areas for a week.
The National Guard was deployed, and the damage was so immense and overwhelming that the city was declared a federal disaster area.
All stores except for those selling food were forced to close, most perishable food required trashing, and the town was immediately closed to non-residents not on official business.
Farms also suffered substantial damage to crops and buildings with agricultural losses over $3 million.
The high-end F3 tornado continued for approximately another 6 miles (9.7 km) to about 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Banner for a total path length of 14 miles (23 km).
Total tornado area was 37.5 sq.
miles (60 km²) with a very high destruction potential index (DPI) -- integrating intensity, path length, and width—value of 150.
It was first thought to be a single tornado event of over 25 miles (40 km), but a meticulous damage survey by the renowned severe weather expert Ted Fujita documented the complex interactions of downbursts, microbursts, and tornadoes, and much was learned meteorologically from this event.
Downbursts, a recent concept by Fujita at the time (the 1974 Super Outbreak the year before was also significant in their conceptual development), covered a very large area; these as well as a continuous series of smaller but very intense microbursts were responsible for the meandering course of the tornadoes (although the average of the path was linear) and for some changes in intensity.
It is thought that a microburst may be responsible for breaking up the first tornado.
A continuous damage swath connected the events regardless.
Conversely, another microburst seems to have caused the tornado to intensify on the eastern side of Canton and coincided with the two deaths.
The most intense pure tornadic damage width was 0.5 miles (0.80 km).
Canton and surrounding areas were devastated by an earlier tornado on June 18, 1835.
Touching down around 10 p.m., it decimated rural farms, killing four; before it traversed through Canton, killing four in town, including the town's founder and his young son.
Injuries totaled forty.
This tornado damaged or destroyed about fifty buildings in Canton with a total damage width of about 0.25 miles (0.40 km).
The 69 members of Parliament were elected from 69 single-member constituencies, an increase from 65 used for the previous elections in 1972.
The deposit was increased for the first time, rising to $1,200 from $500.
A total of 124 candidates contested the election.
The ruling PAP was the only party to contest every one of 69 constituencies, while the five other opposition parties (namely Barisan Sosialis, the Singapore Justice Party, PKMS, the United Front and the Workers' Party) formed a Joint Opposition Council to cooperate at the polls.
The Workers' Party nominated 22 candidates and United Front 14; no other party put forward more than six candidates, while two candidates ran as independents.
The election marked their political debut of two prominent candidates, independent Chiam See Tong and PAP Goh Chok Tong, who would went on to become the then-longest-serving opposition MP and the second Prime Minister, respectively.
Results from the 1978 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on November 11, 1978, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.
(Held at Barclays Bank Sports Ground, North Ealing, September 20–21)
(University of East Anglia, Norwich, April 13–14)
The 1982 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament took place from February 25th through 28th, 1982 in Lexington, Kentucky.
Kentucky won the tournament by beating Tennessee in the championship game.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.
Elections to City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council were held on Thursday, 5 May 1983, with one third of the council to be elected.
The council remained under no overall control.
Keke Rosberg of Finland won his only race of the season at the Dallas Grand Prix.
The race was one of only two races in 1984 where both of the year's dominant McLarens  driven by Niki Lauda and Alain Prost did not score (Belgium being the other), and gave Honda their first turbocharged Grand Prix win and also their first Grand Prix win since the 1967 Italian Grand Prix.
René Arnoux's Ferrari was the only other car on the lead lap at the end after starting from the pit lane due to an electrical fault on the warm up lap, while Elio de Angelis came home third for Lotus.
It was the only race of the season that cars using Goodyear tyres filled all three podium positions.
Only 8 cars finished the race, due to crashes or engine failures in +40 degrees Celsius heat, and also the track was breaking up very badly, as in the 1980 Argentine Grand Prix.
The event was conceived as a way to demonstrate Dallas's status as a "world-class city" and overcame 100 °F (38 °C) heat, a disintegrating track surface and weekend-long rumors of its cancellation.
The tight and twisty course was laid out on the Texas State Fair Grounds with help from United States Grand Prix West founder Chris Pook, and featured two hairpin curves.
While the layout was seen as interesting and was generally well received by the drivers (though some thought one or two of the chicanes made it tighter than it needed to be), all had issues with the lack of run-off areas and the crumbling surface which during the race itself made the track more like a rallycross track than a Grand Prix circuit.
It was bubbling before qualifying, and after a few laps, it began to break apart.
After the first practice on Friday, the Lotus drivers, Nigel Mansell and de Angelis, who both started from the front row with Mansell recording his first career pole position, said the temporary course was the roughest circuit they had ever driven.
Nelson Piquet wondered whether the track, the drivers or the cars would break first in the oppressive heat.
Afternoon qualifying saw temperatures continue to rise past 100 °F (38 °C), and Goodyear recorded the highest track temperature in their 20 years of racing, 150 °F (66 °C).
Dallas was the first time since the 1978 Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort that both Lotus drivers qualified on the front row of the grid.
Back then, it was 1978 World Champion Mario Andretti and his teammate Ronnie Peterson who qualified 1–2 in the revolutionary Lotus 79.
After the Renault celebrity race on Saturday, Stirling Moss introduced himself to former US President Jimmy Carter in the VIP suite, saying, "I have never shaken hands with a president."
Carter, to the surprise of many (due to the general belief that Formula One drivers weren't as well known in America as the Indy 500 and NASCAR drivers), recognized Moss immediately.
The race was scheduled to start at 11 am on Sunday, three hours earlier than usual, because of the heat, with the 30-minute warm-up planned for 7:45 am.
This was apparently too early for French Williams driver Jacques Laffite, who arrived at the circuit in his pajamas.
The warm-up was delayed and then canceled however, because a 50-lap Can-Am race on Saturday had damaged the circuit so badly that emergency repairs had gone on all night, and would continue until 30 minutes before the start (the repairs involved a backhoe digging up the broken asphalt and replacing it with quick-dry cement).
Niki Lauda and Alain Prost tried to arrange a boycott among the drivers, but Rosberg insisted they should race.
I don't know what all the fuss is about.
We'll all complain and bind right up until the start time and then we'll go out and race as usual.
We've come all this way and the race is all set up.
Track surface or no track surface, you know as well as I do, we'll race.
— Keke Rosberg speaking before the race.
Bernie Ecclestone did not want to have 90,000 disappointed fans at the circuit, and viewers around the world, so the race went off with Larry Hagman (J. R. Ewing from the television series Dallas) waving the green flag to start the parade lap.
Mansell led for almost half the race from his first pole position.
Derek Warwick overtook de Angelis, whose engine was suffering from a misfire, and pulled alongside Mansell several times, but could not get around.
He retired after an attempt to pass on lap 11 resulted in a spin.
Lauda was next to challenge Mansell, but he was passed by de Angelis when the latter's engine began to run on all six cylinders.
The first five cars (Mansell, de Angelis, Lauda, Rosberg, Prost) were now running as a group, and on lap 14, Rosberg passed Lauda for third and closed up on the two Lotuses.
He passed de Angelis on lap 18, and soon was looking for a way past Mansell.
Arnoux, having qualified fourth, had been unable to start his car on the grid, and began the race from the back of the pack.
By the end of the first lap, he had already passed seven cars and now he and Piquet were closing on the group of leaders.
Rosberg, after briefly trading places with Prost, who had gotten by Lauda and de Angelis, finally forced Mansell into a big enough mistake for him to take the lead.
Within three laps, Mansell, whose front tires were quickly fading, had dropped three more places before pitting on lap 38.
Piquet became the ninth car to retire because of contact with the wall, and Arnoux moved into the top five.
Prost took the lead from Rosberg on lap 49, and quickly opened a 7.5-second lead, but eight laps later struck a wall and damaged a wheel rim.
Rosberg inherited a lead of 10 seconds over Arnoux, and, thanks in part to a special skull cap driver cooling system, held on to score his only victory of the year for Williams, as the two-hour limit was reached one lap short of the scheduled 68.
De Angelis came home third, comfortably ahead of Laffite in the second Williams.
De Angelis's teammate Mansell made contact with the wall.
Mansell coasted around the last corner, visor up and seat belts hanging over the side of the car.
As his car slowed on the home straight, he leaped from his black Lotus and tried to push it to the end, but collapsed from exhaustion and the oppressive heat before reaching the finish line.
He was classified sixth, three laps behind.
The oppressive heat was a factor of the Dallas Grand Prix becoming a one-off, and the event was replaced by following year's Australian Grand Prix.
Formula One has since returned to the state of Texas, hosting the United States Grand Prix since 2012 at the newly constructed Circuit of the Americas, located in the state capital of Austin.
However, the race in Austin has always been held in October or November, away from the Texan summer.
The heat also caused some drivers to take some countermeasures to cope with the heat; such as Rosberg's water-cooled skullcap (a common device in the NASCAR circuit); Piercarlo Ghinzani, who finished fifth after overtaking the collapsed Mansell, having a bucket of cold water thrown over him during a pit stop; and Huub Rothengatter, who dashed straight to a spectator area after he retired from the race, where he commandeered several cups of water "for pouring over his nether regions…".
Ayrton Senna had retired from the race on lap 47 while running fourth after hitting the wall.
On coming back to the pits, he was furious, telling his race engineer Pat Symonds: "I just cannot understand how I did that.
I was taking it no differently than I had been before.
The wall must have moved."
His team did not believe him and Senna persuaded them to inspect the wall after the race, only for them to find that the barrier had indeed been moved by an earlier crash, moving only a mere 4–10 mm (0.2–0.4 in) into the track.
Symonds recalled his amazement in 2004, saying: "That was when the precision to which he was driving really hit home for me.
Don't forget, this was a guy in his first season of F1, straight out of F3...".
The tournament featured three rounds of play.
The three teams that were division champions automatically qualified for the tournament while the remaining five seeds were given to the teams with the highest winning percentage.
The top four seeds were given out to the three division champions and the top qualifier and assorted based upon winning percentage.
The remaining four seeds were assigned to the other qualifiers and assorted based upon winning percentage.
In the quarterfinals the first seed and eighth seed, the second seed and seventh seed, the third seed and sixth seed and the fourth seed and fifth seed played a two-game series to determine the winner.
In the two games no overtime was permitted and if the two teams remained tied after the two games then a 10-minute mini-game would be played where a sudden-death overtime was allowed if the scheduled time did not produce a victor.
After the opening round every series becomes a single-elimination game.
In the semifinals, the highest seed plays the lowest remaining seed while the two remaining teams play with the winners advancing to the championship game and the losers advancing to the third place game.
The tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the 1984 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Teams are reseeded after the first round
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
None
Elections to Wiltshire County Council were held on 4 May 1989.
The whole council was up for election and the result was no overall control.
Kansas won seven of their first eight games, even rising up to #13 in the polls before a matchup with #7 Nebraska.
A 49-7 thrashing by the Cornhuskers sent them into a tailspin, as they lost to #13 Colorado and Missouri to close out their season.
Despite this, the Jayhawks finished in 3rd place in the Big Eight Conference, their highest finish in the Big Eight since their 2nd-place finish in 1973.
BYU started the season 1-3, with losses to San Diego State, UCLA and Hawaii.
Wins over Utah State, Fresno State, and Wyoming got them back on the trail.
After a loss to #10 Notre Dame, the Cougars rebounded with a win over #14 Penn State.
Wins over New Mexico, Air Force and Utah closed out a season in which they finished in a three-way tie for the Western Athletic Conference championship with Hawaii and Fresno State.
BYU went up 7-0 on the game's opening play when Hema Heimuli returned the opening kickoff for a touchdown.
Kansas evened the score at 7-7 two plays later when Kansas receiver Matt Gay caught a pass that was ruled a lateral from quarterback Chip Hilleary and hit a wide-open Rodney Harris for a 74-yard touchdown pass.
Replays showed that the first pass was in fact 2 yards forward, which would have made the play illegal with two forward passes.
The Jayhawks took a 9-7 lead later in the first quarter when junior lineman Chris Maumalanga burst through the Cougars' offensive line to sack running back Jamal Willis in his own endzone for a safety.
Willis later gained revenge with a 29-yard touchdown run with 10:16 left in the second quarter.
Following his score, BYU led 14-9.
On the ensuing kickoff, senior running back Maurice Douglas broke free for a 54-yard return that put the Jayhawks on the BYU 43.
The return set up a 41-yard field goal from Dan Eichloff that capped the first-half scoring at 14-12.
BYU scored on a 10-yard touchdown pass from Young to Otis Sterling and took a 20-12 lead into the fourth quarter, but Hilleary engineered a six-play, 75-yard drive - capped off by his one-yard run and successful two-point conversion - that tied the score at 20-20.
After a Cougar punt, Kansas put together a seven-minute drive that ended in Dan Eichloff's game-winning 48-yard field goal.
BYU did not fare well on its own field goal kicking, with David Lauder missing a pair of short field goals earlier in the half.
The Cougars made five more bowl games in the decade, with victories in two of those games.
The Jayhawks went to just one more bowl game in the decade, in 1995.
Gigi Fernández /  Natasha Zvereva defeated  Rosalyn Fairbank-Nideffer /  Gretchen Magers 3–6, 6–2, 6–4
1.
France
2.
Italy
3.
Com.
of Independent States
4.
Greece
5.
Israel
6.
Spain
7.
Germany
8.
Finland
9.
Poland
10.
Belgium
11.
Hungary
In the 1993–94 season, Notts County narrowly missed the play-offs for promotion to the Premiership.
The season is most remembered for a 2–1 victory over arch rivals Nottingham Forest in which Charlie Palmer scored the winning goal with just four minutes remaining.
This has become a celebrated event among Notts County fans, who have dubbed 12 February (the anniversary of the game) Sir Charlie Palmer Day.
In March 1994, the Magpies lost the Anglo-Italian Cup final to Brescia.
Notts County's score comes first
Charlotte Motor Speedway is a motorsports complex located in Concord, North Carolina, United States 13 miles from Charlotte, North Carolina.
The complex features a 1.5 miles (2.4 km) quad oval track that hosts NASCAR racing including the prestigious Coca-Cola 600 on Memorial Day weekend and The Winston, as well as the Mello Yello 500.
The speedway was built in 1959 by Bruton Smith and is considered the home track for NASCAR with many race teams located in the Charlotte area.
The track is owned and operated by Speedway Motorsports Inc. (SMI).
* – Denotes overtime period
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
Alexei Yashin would once again prove to be the Senators leader on the ice, scoring 21 goals, along with 23 assists for a team leading 44 points.
Alexandre Daigle would have another strong season also, putting up 37 points (16 goals, 21 assists) to finish second to Yashin in team scoring.
Don Beaupre would lead the team in net, setting the team record for best GAA average in a season (3.36), best save percentage (.896), won 8 of the 9 games the Senators won during the season, and would get the first shutout in team history on February 6, when the Senators shutout the Philadelphia Flyers 3–0 at the Civic Centre.
The Sens would start slow, going 0–6–2 in their first eight games before their shutout win over Philadelphia.
They would continue to slump throughout the first 41 games of the season, as they had a 4–32–5 record, but the team would finish the year by going 5–2–0 in their last seven games, outscoring their opponents 27-21, to finish the season with a 9–34–5 record, but failed to avoid finishing in last place in the NHL for the third straight season.
The Senators finished last in wins (9), losses (34), points (23), even-strength goals against (129) and tied the Florida Panthers and Montreal Canadiens for fewest short-handed goals scored (1).
Lt.
Governor Singel was a well-known figure in the state and was a clear early frontrunner after serving six months as acting governor as Bob Casey underwent cancer treatments.
However, his 1992 defeat by Lynn Yeakel in the 1992 Democratic primary for senate left the party feeling that Singel was vulnerable in a statewide election.
Treasurer Catherine Baker Knoll, who was popular with older voters and siphoned the support of some labor groups from Singel, was viewed as his biggest threat, but state representative Dwight Evans, who mobilized urban minority voters, finished a somewhat surprising second.
Former state Speaker of the House Bob O'Donnell and Yeakel, who was criticized for campaigning poorly in the close 1992 senate race, both saw their campaigns fail to get traction.
Attorney General Ernie Preate, who was known for both being a tough prosecutor and working to reform the mental health system, was seen as the initial frontrunner, but his attempt was marred by a corruption controversy.
Mike Fisher, a state senator and former candidate for lieutenant governor, sought to take advantage of Preate's missteps but was unable gain a majority of establishment support.
Tom Ridge, who Republicans had initially tried to court to run in the 1990 election, slowly built name recognition and gained political backing due to his relatively moderate track record.
Prior to the election, Singel appeared to be a candidate who would be difficult to beat; he had gained wide name recognition and a positive job appraisal for his service as acting governor during Bob Casey's battle with serious illness.
In contrast, Ridge had been a relatively obscure US Congressman who was mostly unknown outside of his Erie base.
Ridge proved to be a successful fundraiser and undercut support from Democrats in the socially liberal but fiscally conservative suburbs of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Abortion became a key issue in the campaign.
Peg Luksik ran a strong third party campaign in opposition to the Republican nominations of the pro-choice Ridge and Barbara Hafer in their most recent two gubernatorial campaigns.
Singel, who is also pro-choice, gained only lukewarm support from his former boss Casey, a vocal critic of abortion policy.
The tide began to turn against Singel after the revelation that he had voted to parole an individual named Reginald McFadden, who would later be charged for a series of murders in New York City.
Ridge, whose campaign emphasized his "tough on crime" stance, took advantage of this situation, much in the manner that George H. W. Bush had used the Willie Horton incident against Michael Dukakis.
Singel was further undercut by a lack of Democratic enthusiasm; turnout was particularly low in strongholds such as Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and Scranton.
A non-binding referendum on membership for the European Union was held in Sweden on 13 November 1994.
The voter turnout was 83.3%, and the result was 52.3% for and 46.8% against.
The 1995–96 IHL season was the 51st season of the International Hockey League, a North American minor professional league.
19 teams participated in the regular season, and the Utah Grizzlies won the Turner Cup.
Tuscany used for the first time the national Tatarella Law to elect its Council.
Forty councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists; remained seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used, and then distributed to provincial party lists.
Ten councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket: parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Lombardy.
If an alliance wins more than 60% of votes, only 5 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 45; if the winning alliance receives less than 50% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
It was performed in 13 teams, and Al Arabi Kuwait won the championship.
The two teams were competing for promotion to the third tier of the English football league system, at the time called the Second Division, a familiar place for both teams.
In its previous 68 seasons as a Football League club, Plymouth Argyle competed exclusively in the second and third tiers, exactly 34 seasons each.
While Darlington had featured in the second tier just twice, competing in the third tier on 32 occasions and the fourth tier another 32 times.
The official attendance of 43,431 was a record for a play-off final at that level, beating the previous record set in 1994, until it was bettered a year later by 3,373 spectators.
There was also a significant disparity in the number of tickets sold to the supporters of the two clubs, with fewer than 10,000 Darlington fans in attendance compared to 35,000 fans representing Plymouth Argyle.
Plymouth Argyle manager Neil Warnock picked ten players who had started both of the club's semi-final matches, with Ronnie Mauge keeping his place in the team having replaced Chris Billy for the second leg.
The match was to be goalkeeper Steve Cherry's last for the club, having returned for a second stint with the club three months earlier.
Darlington manager Jim Platt, who was taking charge of the team for the last time before the return of David Hodgson, made one change to the team that secured progress from the semi-final stage with Tony Carss coming in at the expense of Matt Carmichael.
The final would prove to be Man of the match Matty Appleby's last for Darlington.
Darlington were the first to settle with Gary Bannister a prominent player in midfield, but Plymouth Argyle eventually found their rhythm and had the first real goalscoring opportunity after ten minutes.
Adrian Littlejohn found space after a one-two with Mickey Evans, but his first touch let him down and the opportunity was not taken.
Darlington's main threat was coming from attacking full back Appleby and he had their best chance of the match midway through the first half.
He carved out the initial chance, having carried the ball half the length of the pitch, but team-mate Steven Gaughan was unable to convert.
The hasty clearance from Argyle found its way back to Appleby but he sent his shot over the crossbar with goalkeeper Cherry completely exposed.
Plymouth Argyle came close to making their opponents pay for their profligacy in front of goal with Evans lifting a volley over the crossbar.
Darlington's captain Andy Crosby was proving to be a formidable figure at the heart of his team's defence, but Argyle fashioned another chance to open the scoring just before half-time.
A flick on by Evans presented Adrian Littlejohn with the opportunity to redeem his earlier miss, but he dragged his shot wide.
There were few clear-cut chances at the start of the second half, but Plymouth Argyle were winning the midfield battle with Mauge and Chris Leadbitter leading by example with a number of forceful tackles.
The pivotal moment arrived on 65 minutes after Martin Barlow had earnt a corner-kick on the right-hand side.
Leadbitter played the ball short to full back Mark Patterson, whose well-measured cross was met firmly by the unmarked Mauge to head into the back of the net.
Darlington tried to force their way back into the match, but were being thwarted by Plymouth Argyle captain Mick Heathcote and his defensive colleagues which left strikers Robbie Blake and Robbie Painter, who both scored in the semi-finals, with little to work on.
As Darlington committed more players forward in search of an equaliser they left themselves exposed in defence which gave the leading side more space to launch counter-attacks.
Evans and Littlejohn threatened to score the decisive second goal, but in the end Mauge's headed finish midway through the second half proved to be enough to claim the final promotion place for the team from Devon.
The match was by no means a classic, with serious goalscoring chances at a premium, but to the winners it did not matter.
After the final whistle Plymouth Argyle's captain Mick Heathcote received the winners' trophy before parading it in front of the club's supporters on the pitch.
For the club's manager, Neil Warnock, it was his fourth play-off success at Wembley Stadium.
He commented on his past experiences that "It can't be a hindrance, having done it before, but it doesn't make it any less tense.
It makes it a very long season.
I had booked a holiday starting today – I suppose I should have known better".
Warnock was also full of praise for his counterpart, Jim Platt, commenting that "He should be made manager of the year for what he's done at that club".
Citing Darlington's financial worries "Everyone thought they would blow up, but they didn't – they got within an ace.
Unfortunately, someone has to lose".
Platt, a former Northern Ireland international, was equally optimistic.
He said "My side is very young – nearly all of them in their early 20s.
I think we will be here again next season or go up automatically – if we can keep the side together".
As a result of their victory, Plymouth Argyle returned to the third tier of English football just one year after being relegated to the fourth tier for the first time in its history.
They returned to the Third Division two years later before being promoted as champions in 2002, and the club followed that up by winning the Second Division in 2004, to reclaim their place in the second tier of English football after a twelve-year hiatus.
For Darlington, there was to be more disappointment in the play-offs four years later under David Hodgson, Platt's successor.
They reached the Third Division final in 2000, the last to be played at the original Wembley Stadium, and were defeated 1–0 again; on this occasion to Peterborough United.
Unlike the Democratic caucus, the Republican Party does not use voting rounds or have minimum requirements for a percent of votes.
The Republican version is done with a straw vote of those attending the caucus.
This vote is sometimes done by a show of hands or by dividing themselves into groups according to candidate.
However, officially it is done with voters receiving a blank piece of paper with no names on it, and the voter writing a name and placing it in a ballot box.
Following the straw poll, delegates are then elected from the remaining participants in the room, as most voters leave once their vote is cast.
All delegates are officially considered unbound, but media outlets either apportion delegates proportionally or apportion them in terms of winner-take-all by counties.
In precincts that elect only one delegate, the delegate is chosen by majority vote and the vote must be by paper ballot.
The state party strongly urges that delegates reflect the results of the preference poll, but there is no obligation that they do so.
The 1996 Ames straw poll was held at Iowa State University (Ames)'s Hilton Coliseum on August 19, 1995.
This was primarily a fundraising event for the state's Republican Party, and only Iowa residents who paid the $25 price for a ticket were eligible to vote.
Tickets were available through the various presidential campaigns and the Iowa Republican Party's headquarters.
In general, the candidates bought large blocks of tickets and gave them out for free to whoever agreed to go and vote for that candidate.
The candidates also rented buses to transport voters to Ames.
Bob Dole and Phil Gramm tied for the win with 24% of the vote each, followed by Pat Buchanan (18%), Lamar Alexander (11%), and Alan Keyes (8%).
Five other candidates shared the remaining 15% of the vote.
The 1998–99 NWHL season  was the first season of the National Women's Hockey League.
Fourteen teams participated in the 1999–2000 Cypriot First Division.
All teams played against each other twice, once at their home and once away.
The team with the most points at the end of the season crowned champions.
The last three teams were relegated to the 2000–01 Cypriot Second Division.
The champions ensured their participation in the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League and the runners-up in the 2000–01 UEFA Cup.
The teams had to declare their interest to participate in the 2000 UEFA Intertoto Cup before the end of the championship.
At the end of the championship, the higher placed team among the interested ones participated in the Intertoto Cup (if they had not secured their participation in any other UEFA competition).
Teams received three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
Evagoras Paphos, Doxa Katokopia and Aris Limassol were relegated from previous season and played in the 1999–2000 Cypriot Second Division.
They were replaced by the first three teams of the 1998–99 Cypriot Second Division, Anagennisi Deryneia, Ethnikos Assia and APOP Paphos.
Heading into the race, McLaren driver Mika Häkkinen and Ferrari driver Eddie Irvine were tied for the lead of the World Drivers' Championship on 60 points each.
Jordan driver Heinz-Harald Frentzen was third on 50, followed by Häkkinen's team-mate David Coulthard on 48.
In the Constructors' Championship, McLaren led Ferrari by six points, 108 to 102, with Jordan third on 57.
Following the Italian Grand Prix on 12 September, four teams (McLaren, Williams, Jordan, Stewart) conducted testing sessions at the Magny-Cours circuit on 14–16 September.
Coulthard set the fastest time on all three days of testing.
Williams, Jordan and Stewart ran for only two days at Magny-Cours.
Ferrari ran their pairing Irvine and Mika Salo at the team's test circuit of Mugello.
Ferrari test driver and Minardi driver Luca Badoer performed engine development work at their test track at Fiorano with Irvine performing shakedown runs.
Benetton performed aerodynamic mapping tests at RAF Kemble with Arrows and Minardi electing not to test.
Two practice sessions were held before the Sunday race—one on Friday from 11:00 to 14:00 local time, and a second on Saturday morning between 09:00 and 11:00.
The first practice session took place in dry conditions.
The ambient temperature was 19 °C (66 °F) and the track temperature was 25 °C (77 °F) during the hour-long period.
Saturday afternoon's qualifying session was held from 13:00 to 14:00 local time.
Each driver was limited to twelve laps with the implementation of a 107% rule to exclude slow drivers from competing in the Sunday race.
The session was held on a wet track – the result of previous rainfall with isolated showers a few hours before qualifying.
The ambient temperature ranged between 14 and 15 °C (57 and 59 °F), while the track temperature ranged between 15 and 18 °C (59 and 64 °F).
Frentzen clinched second pole position of his career, in his Jordan 199, with a time of 1:19.910.
Although he was dissatisfied with earlier problems finding the ideal setup during practice—he said that he felt fantastic to be on pole position—he believed he could have made a faster lap, as he was carrying five laps worth of fuel on board.
Frentzen was joined on the front row by Coulthard who was two-tenths of a second slower.
On race day the track was dry but the start was delayed when Zanardi and Gené lined up out of sequence on the grid, necessitating another formation lap.
As the start was aborted during the start lights' sequence, the top five qualifiers and another car actually jumped the start but were not penalised due to the aborting of the start.
When the race finally got under way, Frentzen led from Häkkinen, but further back there was trouble at the first corner.
Hill's Jordan suffered an electrical failure in the middle of the pack which caused Wurz to swerve into Diniz, sending the Sauber into a barrel roll.
The safety car was deployed while Diniz was helped uninjured from his car – a fortunate end result as it was later revealed that the Sauber's rollbar had failed when it hit the ground.
The race settled down with the top six Frentzen, Häkkinen, Coulthard, Ralf Schumacher, Fisichella and Irvine.
On lap 17, Irvine passed Fisichella after pressuring the Italian into running wide at turn 8.
Whilst further back Alessandro Zanardi was an unfortunate victim to the collision between Diniz and Wurz as his car was damaged from this incident earlier on and would eventually retire on lap 11 when his Supertec engine stalled.
Just moments later the rain began to fall and Ralf Schumacher took advantage of the damp track to pass Coulthard.
End of lap 20 Häkkinen pitted for wet tyres, which proved to be premature as the rain quickly blew over and the track dried.
The following lap Irvine pitted for dry tyres but the stop lasted 28 seconds with the right-rear mechanics seemingly confused over a last minute change in tyre choice.
Team mate Salo had damaged his wing the previous lap leaving the Ferrari pitcrew unprepared for Irvine.
On lap 24 Häkkinen on wet tyres was lapping around seven seconds slower than the leaders and was overtaken by Irvine over the start-finish straight dropping to 13th position.
Soon afterwards, with his tyres clearly overheating, Häkkinen pitted again to change back to dry tyres emerging just in front of Fisichella who was in fact a full lap ahead of the championship leader.
Ralf Schumacher pitted from 2nd position at the end of lap 27 for his scheduled first stop leaving Frentzen and Coulthard battling at the front followed by Fisichella twelve seconds behind the leaders in 3rd place.
At the end of lap 32 both Frentzen and Coulthard pitted for their first scheduled stops with both Jordan and McLaren mechanics impeccably turning their cars around in 7 seconds, and both returning comfortably ahead of Schumacher.
At this point in the race both Irvine and Häkkinen were well out of the points, meaning that if the order stayed the same Frentzen, Irvine, and Häkkinen would have all been tied for the points lead with two races to go, with Coulthard six points behind them.
What followed was a series of retirements.
The first to fall was Frentzen, who ground to a halt at the first corner after his pitstop with the same electrical problem that had befallen his teammate.
Coulthard inherited the lead and stayed out front until the rain came back with a vengeance.
The Scot chose to stay out on dry tyres while most pitted for wets, which ultimately proved to be a costly mistake, as he slid off the road and out of the race on the 38th lap as the conditions worsened.
Within a handful of laps two Championship contenders had seen their hopes of winning the title fall by the wayside.
Ralf (still on dry tyres) then inherited the lead which he held until his pitstop six laps later.
This allowed Fisichella (also on dry tyres) to take the lead with Ralf in second, as the rain stopped.
Meanwhile, Herbert had quietly moved up the order after changing to wet tyres just at the right time.
Mika Salo would soon be forced to retire with brake problems.
The heartbreak then reached new levels.
On lap 49, Fisichella spun out of the lead like Coulthard before him leaving him like Coulthard (emotionally distressed), giving the lead back to Ralf.
But then Ralf too lost the lead (and probable first win) when his right rear tyre punctured, allowing Herbert to take the lead which he would not lose.
Further back the Minardis were taking full advantage of the unpredictable nature of the race with Badoer in fourth and Gené in seventh.
But with just 13 laps to go, Badoer's gearbox failed, denying the Ferrari test driver his first ever Formula 1 points and leaving him in tears.
Gené was promoted to 6th, which became 5th when Jacques Villeneuve's car failed with a broken clutch, robbing the BAR team of a chance to get their first-ever point before 2000.
Behind him, Irvine and Häkkinen had fought their way back into contention for points, with Irvine holding 6th ahead of Häkkinen.
After cruising for most of the race, Häkkinen turned up the pressure, eventually forcing Irvine into a mistake and taking 6th place.
At the front Barrichello tried everything to pass Trulli for 2nd and make it a Stewart 1–2, but ultimately had to settle for 3rd.
Meanwhile, Häkkinen caught and passed Gené for 5th to earn 2 invaluable points, but the Spaniard held onto 6th ahead of Irvine to give Minardi their first point in four seasons.
It was the only race ever won by the Stewart Grand Prix team, as well as being the only time Stewart had two drivers finish on the podium.
It was also the last Grand Prix victory for Johnny Herbert, and the last podium finish for the Prost Grand Prix team.
Jackie Stewart considered the race greater than any of his own race wins.
This was the final time that both Ferrari cars failed to score until the 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix.
Marc Gené's performance, in finishing 6th ahead of championship contender Irvine, is considered by many as the deciding factor in the Drivers' Championship, for it is often believed that had Irvine passed Gené for sixth, he would have had the extra point to win the title (with Schumacher letting Irvine pass him during the race in Japan).
Kaisar-Hurricane played the second Kazakhstan Cup Final.
In the first final they lost Irtysh with the score 2-1.
Vostok-Altyn played the third Kazakhstan Cup Final.
In a Kazakhstan Cup Final they have won against Aktyubinets (1994 final, 1-0) and have lost Kairat (1996-97 final, 2-0).
Kaisar-Hurricane and Vostok-Altyn played twice during the season of league.
In the first game, on Jule 20, 1998 Vostok-Altyn won 2–0 on Vostok Stadium.
As a part of Vostok-Altyn - Aleksandr Antropov and Vladimir Kashtanov scored.
On August 4, 1998, Kaisar-Hurricane won a victory 2–0 with goals Andrei Vaganov and Azamat Niyazymbetov.
The 1999 Super 12 competition consisted of 12 teams, four from South Africa, three from Australia and five from New Zealand.
ACT Brumbies (Australia)
Auckland Blues (New Zealand)
Canterbury Crusaders (New Zealand)
Cats (South Africa)
Northern Bulls (South Africa)
Otago Highlanders (New Zealand)
Queensland Reds (Australia)
Sharks (South Africa)
Stormers (South Africa)
Waikato Chiefs (New Zealand)
Waratahs (Australia)
Wellington Hurricanes (New Zealand)
The player selects one of three different planes, each with different ratings in speed, power, and the strength of their homing attack.
When flying through the levels, three primary weapons can be used by picking up their respective items, to fire either spreading vulcan bullets, straight-firing lasers, or multi-directional missiles.
By holding button 1, the player can charge up to fire a special missile.
If this missile hits a large enemy, the player will lock on to that enemy, and can fire fast homing projectiles to damage it further.
There is also a supply of smart bombs which can be used to clear away the majority of enemies and their projectiles from the screen.
Smart bombs can also be charged up, and each level of charge yields a different effect.
If the player is shot down while charging up a bomb, the bomb does not go off.
At the end of every level, the player receives additional points for the number of bombs held in stock, a rank increase of 1-5 for the percentage of enemies destroyed, a grade for the time it took to defeat the boss, and a bonus for every medal collected which is multiplied by the rank.
After beating the last level, the player also gets a large bonus for the number of lives they have remaining.
19XX: The War Against Destiny has been ported to GameTap.
However, 19XX is not included in the Capcom Classics Collection titles, as it is a modern game according to Capcom (being created after 1995).
A reviewer for Next Generation commented that "Its clean looking animation, multilevel backgrounds, digitized explosions and various streams of patterned enemies place 19XX among the cream of the crop."
He found that the varied methods of attack set it apart from other shooters, and scored it 3 out of 5 stars.
This year’s entries – 242 from 24 nations – were judged in New York City and Los Angeles by U.S.-based TV executives, distributors, buyers, producers, writers and directors.
To ensure that programs are not judged on production values alone, judges are instructed to consider the concept behind a show as well as the execution.
The International Emmy Awards are given by the International Council of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Of the 18 programs nominated in six categories, 14 were English-language, including all of the nominees in three categories: arts documentary, popular arts, and programs for children and young people.
The other categories are drama, documentary, and performing arts.
Shows produced in the United Kingdom accounted for 10 of the 18 nominations.
Three Australian programs were nominated, as well as two from Canada and one each from France, Spain and Germany.
The awards ceremony was produced by Joseph Cates and sold by Warner Bros., and broadcast by Italian web RAI.
In addition, special awards were given to Henry P. Becton Jr., president and general manager of the WGBH Foundation in Boston, who received the International Council's Directorate Award, and documentary producer Adrian Cowell, who was given the Founder's Award.
Companies "A", "B", "C", "G" and "H" were organized at Stevenson and Bridgeport, Alabama, between September 10, 1863, to April 26, 1864.
Companies "D", "E" and "F", were organized at Tracy City and Nashville, Tennessee, between December 9, 1863, to February 24, 1864.
The vidette cavalry participated in the skirmish at Hunt's Mills near Larkinsville, Alabama.
They were a part of an expedition to Lebanon between December 12 and 29.
Another skirmish at Sand Mountain, Alabama, December 26.
They were mustered out on June 16, 1864.
2-Nitrocinnamaldehyde can be synthesized by dissolving cinnamaldehyde to a solution of acetic anhydride in acetic acid, and adding a stoichiometric amount of concentrated nitric acid at 0–5 °C.
Yields are around 36-46% of theoretical.
Nitration of cinnamaldehyde via acidification of a nitrate salt with H₂SO₄ also yields the ortho-nitro compound, however it also yields some of the para-nitro compound, which is generally undesired.
2-Nitrocinnamaldehyde can also be prepared by reacting 2-nitrobenzaldehyde with acetaldehyde in a condensation reaction.
2-Nitrocinnamaldehyde can be oxidized to 2-nitrocinnamic acid which can be used in the Baeyer-Emmerling indole synthesis to produce indole and substituted indoles.
Before the election the council was run by a coalition between the Liberal Democrat and Labour parties, but the election was expected to see the Conservatives take control from them.
14 of the 39 seats were being contested, with the Conservatives only needing to gain one seat in order to have a majority.
They only required a tiny swing to achieve this, which would give the Conservatives control of the council for the first time in 8 years.
The election was a high-profile one with the Conservative leader, William Hague, campaigning in the area on the Monday before the election.
A major issue in the election was the number of refugees in the town, which was estimated at up to 2,000.
The Conservatives said that the area had become a "dumping ground" and called on all asylum seekers to be detained upon entry into the country.
However Labour accused the Conservatives of "playing the race card" and reported a Conservative leaflet to the Commission for Racial Equality.
Other issues included Conservative plans to build a new bypass to ease traffic within the town.
Meanwhile, the Liberal Democrat and Labour parties defended their record of investing £50 million in the town during their period in control of the council, while keeping council tax rises down, with the latest council tax level the second lowest in Essex.
The 2001–02 Danish Cup was the 48th version of the Danish Cup.
The final was played on May 9, 2002.
The winner qualified for UEFA Cup qualification.
The team listed to the left, is the home team.
7 August
Due to reported frustrations with J. Jayalalithaa, almost all of her allies from 2001 election, left the ADMK alliance and started their own third front.
The Third Front consisted of CPM, CPI, Indian National League (INL), TMC and INC. ADMK, which was supported by 196 MLAs in 2001, shrunk to 132 seats, with 64 MLAs leaving the alliance.
Only 117 seats are required for a party to form a Government.
The PMK, who backed AIADMK in 2001, backed the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), in this by-election, which was part of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
Source: Election Commission of India
The 2002 Hart Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Hart District Council in Hampshire, England.
The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2000.
The Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
The election saw 10 sitting councillors decide not to seek re-election including 3 former chairmen of the council.
6 Conservatives were unopposed in the election in the wards of Crondall, Eversley, Long Sutton and Odiham, while several independents stood for the council.
The independents included Archie Gillespie, a former Liberal Democrat standing as an independent after being deselected, former councillor Stephen Gorys and an "anti roadblock campaigner" Denis Gotel.
During the campaign a Conservative candidate in Hartley Wintney, Andrew Davies, withdrew meaning only one Conservative would be standing in the ward against independent Susan Band and 2 Liberal Democrats.
The Atlantic Sun's membership remained fixed at twelve, so no changes to the format were required.
As such, only the top eight teams from the conference tournament were eligible for the tournament.
These eight teams were seeded based on regular season conference records.
The tournament featured four rounds of play.
In the First Round, the first and twelfth seeds, the second and eleventh seeds, the third and tenth seeds, the fourth and ninth seeds, the fifth and eighth seeds and the sixth and seventh seeds played a best-of-three series.
All six victors in the first round advance as the newly minted 'Super Six' and play only single-elimination for the duration of the tournament.
The top two ranked winners receive byes into the semifinals while the four other teams play in the quarterfinals to determine the other qualifiers.
In the semifinals, the remaining highest and lowest seeds and second highest and second lowest seeds play a single-game, with the winners advancing to the finals.
The tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the 2003 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Teams are reseeded after the first round and quarterfinals
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
Devils general manager Lou Lamoriello sat on the negotiating committee for the league, although he had little to say early on in the proceedings.
However, he was invited to a January meeting by the players' union in an attempt to breach sides; Lamoriello was invited because of the respect for the manner in which he ran the Devils organization.
That meeting was ultimately unfruitful, although it did lead to further talks between the players and the owners.
As late as February 2005, Lamoriello showed hope the season could be salvaged.
They're trying to do everything humanly possible to try to get the game back on the ice...
If there is reason to believe that there is hope and a chance, then I think you use that time.
We have to have some patience.
He later added:
Maybe I'm from the old school.
But I believe we should lock ourselves in a room and not come out until we've made a deal – or announced that we can't.
I've said all along, until someone tells me it's over, it's not.
It's too easy to be negative.
There's no question we have something scheduled at this point for (tomorrow) Wednesday.
It's looking very bleak right now.
But it's not over.
Lamoriello praised the final decision, saying it put everyone on "level footing" and created more parity in the league.
Meanwhile, during the stoppage Devils' center Scott Gomez went home to Anchorage, Alaska to play for the Alaska Aces of the ECHL.
He went on to lead the league in scoring, netting 86 points in only 68 games, en route to winning the league's Most Valuable Player award.
The Devils completed the following transactions before the lockout suspended all activity:
The Albany River Rats, the Devils' American Hockey League affiliate, finished in last place in their division during the 2004–05 AHL season, and failed to make the playoffs for the fifth straight season.
Veteran Dean McAmmond led the team in scoring with 61 points, while right on his heels was hot rookie Zach Parise with 58.
Meanwhile goaltenders Scott Clemmensen and Ari Ahonen split the load evenly, although Ahonen had more wins in fewer games played.
Parise and Clemmensen would go on to make the Devils' squad full-time the following season.
On 14 July, during a session to which also Vice President Valery Arshba, Prime Minister Raul Khajimba, the cabinet and the general public were invited, the Parliament set the date for the elections to be 3 October 2004.
At the time of the elections, the Republican Party "Apsny" was the main pro-governmental party, and there were four active opposition movements, Aitaira, United Abkhazia, Amtsakhara and the People's Party.
Outgoing president Vladislav Ardzinba was by law prohibited from running for a third term, and his health would not have allowed him to either.
Instead, the government's candidate for the presidential election was outgoing Prime Minister Khajimba.
On 18 August, Ardzinba said in an interview with Respublika Abkhazia that Khajimba was the person most qualified to succeed him, and he appealed to all voters to vote for him.
Khajimba also received the support of the Russian authorities.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had worked for the KGB like Khajimba, and posters of the two together were hanging everywhere in Sukhumi.
Deputies of Russia's parliament and Russian singers, led by Joseph Kobzon, both a deputy and a popular songster, came to Abkhazia campaigning for Khajimba.
On 11 August, the Republican Party "Apsny", which supported Khadjimba's nomination, issued a statement in which it warned that Georgia might try to influence the elections.
United Abkhazia planned to present former Prime Minister Sergei Bagapsh and former Minister for Foreign Affairs Sergei Shamba as presidential and vice presidential candidates, with the order still to be determined, and former mayor of Sukhumi Nodar Khashba was to become prime minister.
At the same time, there were some in Amtsakhara who wanted to field former Prime Minister Anri Jergenia as presidential candidate.
However, United Abkhazia and Amtsakhara then decided to enter into a political alliance.
In an interview with the newspaper Amtsakhara in July, Sergei Bagapsh said that the murder of Garri Aiba had been one of the factors that brought them together.
 On 20 June, United Abkhazia and Amtsakhara announced that Sergei Bagapsh would be their presidential candidate, and Stanislav Lakoba their vice presidential candidate.
Shamba and Jergenia, who had thus lost out, both decided to run for President independently.
Nodar Khashba was also nominated by an initiative group, but he did not register his candidacy, stating that he had been nominated without being consulted and that his registration would not stand a chance as he failed the five-year residency requirement.
The presidential candidate for Aitaira was former Minister for Internal Affairs Alexander Ankvab.
Ankvab refused to undergo the written Abkhaz language test mandated by law, on the grounds that the constitution did not provide for this.
On 28 August, head of State Security Service Mikhail Tarba said that Aitaira chairman Leonid Lakerbaia had breached the law by calling for an overthrow of power if necessary.
In turn, Lakerbaia denied having made the statement and declared that he would initiate a defamation action against Tarba.
On 2 September, the central election commission announced that it rejected the registration of Aitaira's candidate Alexander Ankvab on the grounds that he had not lived the whole past five years in Abkhazia and that his proficiency in the Abkhaz language could not be established completely.
On 3 September Aitaira petitioned the Central Election Commission to reverse this decision, and it appealed the Supreme Court to overrule the Central Election Commission.
It contested that Ankvab was perfectly fluent in Abkhaz, but that the written language test contravened the constitution.
Furthermore, Aitaira put forward that Ankvab had indeed resided in Abkhazia during the last five years, as demonstrated by Abkhazian documents and witnesses, but that the CEC had ignored these basing its decision solely on Russian documents showing that Ankvab also paid taxes there.
On 9 September, Aitaira convened an extraordinary congress to discuss the matter, where it was suggested the party might support Sergei Bagapsh should the Supreme Court not rule in its favour.
Among the guests who addressed the congress were Sergei Bagapsh, acting Prime Minister Astamur Tarba, chairman of the Central Election Commission Sergei Smyr and Chairman of the Language Commission Aleksei Kaslandzia.
On 10 September The Supreme Court upheld the Central Election Commission's decision to bar Alexander Ankvab from the presidential elections.
The court agreed with Ankvab and Aitaira that the CEC had failed to demonstrate that Ankvab had failed the residence requirements, but it also ruled that the CEC had been right to exclude Ankvab on the grounds that he had not taken the written language test.
Even if this test went against the constitution, the law being the law Ankvab should have complied with it.
During the proceedings, Chairman of the Language Commission Aleksei Kaslandzia testified that Ankvab did in fact have an excellent command of Abkhaz.
He had spoken with the Commission's members in Abkhaz for 2 hours and 5 minutes, where just over half an hour is normal.
He had not read the provided reading material, but had at one point started to read from and discuss the newspaper Respublika Abkhazia, which Kaslandzia judged to be of a far higher difficulty.
In fact, the initial protocol prepared by the Language Commission had stated that Ankvab's command of the Abkhaz language was excellent, but this protocol had mysteriously disappeared.
Chairman of the CEC Sergei Smyr had then insisted that the second draft of the protocol should state that Ankvab's proficiency could not be established, because he had not been fully tested.
Language Commission chairman Aleksei Kaslandzia testified that Smyr had gone so far as to threaten him with litigation should he not comply.
After the ruling by the Supreme Court, Aitaira entered into an election alliance with United Abkhazia, Amtsakhara and the Federation of Independent Trade Unions, supporting Sergei Bagapsh and Stanislav Lakoba, with the agreement that Alexander Ankvab would become Prime Minister should the bid be successful, the position originally projected for Nodar Khashba.
The People's Party of Abkhazia put forward Iakub Lakoba as their presidential candidate.
The decision during the Party's sixth extraordinary congress on 18 August to officially nominate Lakoba was not unanimous:  the Gagra and Gudauta branches thought it wiser to support Alexander Ankvab's nomination.
Vice President Valery Arshba ran independently for president, with Vice Speaker of Parliament Alexander Stranichkin as running mate.
On 31 August, in his capacity of vice president, Arshba called on local authorities to uphold election law and enable fair elections.
Arshba's registration was accepted, but a day later, on 3 December he announced that he withdrew from the race.
Candidates could officially begin their election campaign after their registration had been accepted on 2 September.
18 August, a round table conference organised by Apsnypress and the Sukhum Media Club had adopted a set of ethical principals by journalists during the elections.
On 31 August, as demanded by the Abkhazian constitution since Khajimba was participating in the elections, his premiership was temporarily suspended by President Ardzinba, his duties to be performed by first Deputy Prime Minister Astamur Tarba .
Corresponding to election law, each candidate received five bits of free air time on national television, of which four live and one prerecorded.
The broadcasting slots of these items was determined by lot by the Central Election Commission.
On 17 September, the People's Assembly invited the Russian Club for Promoting Political Participation of Voters to observe the upcoming elections.
On 23 September, the Union of Volunteers from Kabardino-Balkaria expressed its support for Khajimba.
On 1 October, the five presidential candidates debated live on national television, and they agreed not to campaign the following day, the day before the elections.
Election law forbade candidates to campaign on 3 October, the day of the presidential elections.
The 190 polling stations opened 8:00 local time.
In the afternoon Chief of the Central Election Commission Sergei Smyr announced that more than 120,000 voters had been registered and that by 13:00, more than 40% had voted.
Head of the Gali district administration Yuri Kvekveskiri announced that there were no more than 15,000 voters in the Gali district.
Head of the Club for Promoting Political Participation of Voters Nikolai Timakov declared in a press conference that elections had in general been organised well, and that the minor violations witnessed would not affect the outcome of the elections.
Timakov reported that in the polling stations inspected by the club, members of the law enforcement agencies ensured the safety of voters and that voter lists as well as excerpts from the election law and posters of all the candidates had been attached to the walls.
Still, on 12 October Abkhazia's Supreme Court, after a series of contradictory decisions by the Electoral Committee, recognized that the new president would be businessman Sergei Bagapsh, accused by his rival's supporters of being pro-Georgian.
(Georgia doesn't recognize any separatist candidates or even the elections).
Abkhazia's outgoing President Ardzinba claimed the decision was illegal and made under pressure from supporters of Bagapsh.
The decision was cancelled by the Supreme Court the night of the same day.
When supporters of Raul Khadjimba seized the building of the Supreme Court and destroyed the protocols from local electoral constituencies new elections were prescribed.
Soon the Supreme Court cancelled the later decision, and again named Bagapsh the new president.
His supporters captured a local TV station, while Raul Khadjimba's supporters took control over the parliament's building.
Outgoing president Ardzinba replaced Raul Khadjimba as a prime-minister with Nodar Khashba, who, before this appointment served in the Ministry of Extraordinary Situations.
On 11 November, both Bagapsh and Khajimba met for around three hours with Ardzinba.
According to Daur Tarba, member of Bagapsh's election team, Ardzinba initially agreed with Khajimba that the elections should be held again, but changed his mind when Bagapsh offered Khajimba "a very high post" in his future government.
On Friday 12 November, around 10,000 supporters of Sergei Bagapsh gathered on Freedom Square, and around 500 supporters of Raul Khajimba gathered next to the Presidential building.
During the day, Bagapsh and Khajimba met twice, first in the Galereya café and at 3pm again for about ten minutes.
After the second meeting, Bagapsh told his supporters that no compromise had been reached but that dialogue would continue.
Following this, his supporters expressed their dissatisfaction about the lack of progress, the crowd broke up into two parts that then moved towards the Presidential building.
The supporters of Khajimba present at the site, moved back and some brawls broke out.
In the meantime, Khajimba and Prime Minister Khashba left the building through the back door.
As Bagapsh's supporters moved into the building, they encountered guards who fired warning shots into the air.
The ricochets injured two of Bagapsh's supporters and mortally wounded the 78 years old Tamara Shakryl, an academic and human rights campaigner who supported Khajimba.
She died in hospital 3 hours later, her relatives blamed Prime Minister Khashba for her death.
First Deputy Prime Minister Astamur Tarba then ordered the guards and special forces nearby to stand down, which left the Presidential building under control of Bagapsh's supporters.
After a short celebration with liquor found inside the building, most of them left again, leaving just guards at the offices.
At 5pm, Bagapsh arrived in the palace accompanied by Khajimba, and the two held a half-hour meeting in the Prime Minister's office.
After the meeting, Khajimba left and Bagapsh addressed his supporters, stating:
"We are one people and we will make a common front against all our enemies.
We are not planning to pursue anyone.
Enough shake-ups.
Raul Khajimba is my younger friend, he is my younger brother, and we will work together."
Afterwards, control over the Presidential building was handed over to the police, as Bagapsh's supporters retreated to the surrounding area which they continued to guard with a few dozen people.
The taking of the Presidential building by Bagapsh's supporters split government's opinions.
President Ardzinba and Prime Minister Khashba condemned it as "an armed coup", and Khashba refused to enter the building on Monday 15 November in protest of the continued presence of armed supporters of Bagapsh.
The actions were also condemned by Alexander Yakovenko, spokesman for the Russian Ministry for Foreign Affairs, who described them as "an attempt at forcefully seizing power by the supporters of one presidential candidate", denouncing it as "illegal, forceful actions" and warning that it threatened the stability in Abkhazia and across the region as a whole.
In contrast, more than half of government staff did show up for work 15 November, among whom Vice President Valery Arshba.
Leader of Aitaira Leonid Lakerbaia denied that a coup had taken place – no one had seized power, since Bagapsh had been elected President, confirmed by both the Electoral Commission and the Supreme Court.
On 5 December the presidential candidates Sergei Bagapsh and Raul Khadjimba agreed to hold new elections.
In these elections they would run on a joint ticket, with Khadjimba as vice presidential candidate.
The new elections were won by Bagapsh.
These elections were not recognized by any State and International Organizations.
On 2 June 2005, United Abkhazia held its third party conference.
The socio-political movement decided to revoke the memberships of Minister for Foreign Affairs Sergei Shamba, who had founded and become head of the Social-Democratic Party of Abkhazia, of former Prime Minister Nodar Khashba, of former Deputy Prime Minister Viktor Khilchevsky and of member of Parliament Albert Kapikian.
Pre-election polling showed Bush leading throughout most of the general election.
Bush frequently reached the 50% threshold, while Kerry never reached 47% in any poll taken prior to the election.
The final 3 polls averaged Bush leading at 51% to Kerry at 45%.
Bush raised $1,387,692.
Kerry raised $466,194.
Neither campaign advertised or visited the state during the fall campaign.
The only areas that went for Democratic opponent John Kerry were the Mississippi Valley and the state capital, Little Rock.
Bush performed better in Arkansas than last election against Al Gore, the VP of Bill Clinton, who was the home son of Arkansas.
Although Arkansas is the home of former Democratic Governor and President Bill Clinton, who won his state's electoral vote in both 1992 and 1996, Democratic nominees Al Gore in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004 were both unsuccessful in carrying Arkansas, which went to Republican nominee George W. Bush in both elections.
As of the 2016 presidential election, this is the last election in which Jackson County, Monroe County, Clark County, Mississippi County, Lawrence County, Clay County, Poinsett County, Lincoln County, Bradley County, Randolph County, Hempstead County and Little River County voted for the Democratic candidate.
The 2005–06 EHF Women's Cup Winners' Cup was the thirtieth edition of EHF's competition for women's handball national cup champions.
It ran from October 1, 2005 to May 20, 2006.
1985 champion Budućnost Podgorica, now representing Serbia and Montenegro, won its third European trophy and the first one since the break-up of Yugoslavia, beating Győri ETO, which defeated defending champion Larvik HK in the semifinals.
It was Győri ETO's fourth lost European final in five years.
The Birmingham riots of 2005 occurred on two consecutive nights on Saturday 22 October and Sunday 23 October 2005 in the Lozells and Handsworth area of Birmingham, England.
The riots were derived from ethnic tensions between the Caribbean and British Asian communities, with the spark for the riot being an alleged gang rape of a teenage black girl by a group of South Asian men.
The rape allegation has never been substantiated.
No evidence has been found to support the rumour nor has any victim come forward (further rumours asserted that this was because the victim was present in Britain unlawfully and feared deportation).
The clashes involved groups of Caribbean and South Asian men committing serious acts of violence against various targets from both communities.
The riots were connected to the deaths of two men, 23-year-old Isaiah Young-Sam and 18-year-old Aaron James.
The majority of the Asian population in the Lozells area are of Pakistani origin.
The black population is predominantly of Caribbean origin.
The animosity that preceded the rioting appears to have been largely based on local economic rivalry combined with possible agitation from opposing criminal gangs.
During a 2004 documentary titled Who You Callin' a Nigger?
writer and broadcaster Darcus Howe picked up and commented upon a backdrop of mutual ethnic minority racism both in the West Midlands and the rest of Britain.
His documentary did not focus solely on the differences between the Caribbean and British Asian community but also included tensions between the Caribbean community and recent African immigrants as well as inter-Asian racism.
The problems specific to the Lozells area appear to be centered on the prevalence of Asian-owned businesses, the "unfair treatment" and "derogatory attitudes" of each community to the other.
There has never been agreement on the date the alleged rape occurred and the exact circumstances remain unclear: descriptions of the event change dependent on source.
The earliest news items concerning the issue seem to begin with the BBC reporting a "Stop traffic" protest on 18 October 2005.
The rumours involved a 14-year-old girl of Jamaican heritage attempting to shoplift from a branch of "Beauty Queen Cosmetics".
When caught by the British Pakistani owner, either she offered herself sexually or he proposed to her that in exchange for sex she would be free to go.
The girl was then allegedly raped by a group of eight to nineteen men.
Afraid of being deported due to her illegal immigrant status the girl supposedly refused to provide a statement to the police.
The police appealed for any evidence of the event occurring and stated at the very least her immigrant status would not be an issue until after the allegations had been dealt with.
Despite the appeal, forensic searches and questioning of several individuals, the allegations have never been substantiated and no witnesses have come forward, nor was the girl - if she even existed - ever identified.
Local pirate radio stations, most notably Hot 92 along with one of its DJs 'Warren G' discussed the details of the alleged rape and a picket was set up outside the premises of the shop in question.
There were also calls for boycotts of other British Asian businesses.
Ajaib Hussein, 33, the shop owner denied the event ever occurred and blamed business rivals for starting the rumour.
A public meeting  was held on Saturday 22 October at the New Testament Church of God.
At around 17:45 the meeting ended and violence erupted outside.
Gangs of men fought running battles and at 19:15 Isaiah Young-Sam, who later died, was stabbed.
As the night progressed the police recorded 80 offences occurring.
Rioting also occurred to a lesser extent during the night of 23 October.
Between 30 and 50 individuals were thought to be involved in the most serious incidents.
Three men were convicted, but after a subsequent retrial acquitted  of the murder of Isaiah Young-Sam.
A man pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Aaron James.
In July 2007 six people were convicted of various offences related to the riots; four men were subsequently jailed in November 2007.
In May 2008 four men were convicted for a being part of a mob that confronted and threatened a fire crew with firearms and machetes.
In the aftermath of the riots a solidarity march for unity was conducted by Caribbean, white and British Asian women and children.
On 5 November 2005 graves in the Muslim part of a local cemetery were desecrated.
Vandals who pushed over and destroyed several grave stones left behind leaflets insulting Muslims.
The leaflets were signed by a group calling itself "Black Nation".
There is no previous history of any such organisation and it is not known whether it does in fact exist.
Dr John Sentamu, the first African archbishop in the Church of England, strongly condemned the desecrations.
On 21 February 2006 the Press Complaints Commission censured The Voice, the leading Black newspaper in Britain, for reporting the alleged rape in terms that suggested it was unchallenged fact (the newspaper had headlined "Gang of 19 rape teen").
The rumours were picked up by two Caribbean websites Blacknet and Supertrax which each allowed their chatrooms to post reactions from around the country.
Supertrax reported that Lozells was swarming with "Paki gangs" with "sumtin to prove"; whilst Blacknet, a website promoted by The British Council, printed various contributions one of which was: "I hope Asian women are getting their throats cut as we speak", followed by a response: "Narrow it down to Pakistani women and I'll agree with you".
After the riot, Blacknet apologised and removed what it called "absolutely disgusting" material posted on its site.
Venstre, the party of the prime minister, campaigned on their municipal restructuring plan, as well as a continuation of the "tax-freeze" and tight immigration requirements.
They also promised to see 60,000 jobs created during a second term.
The largest opposition party, the Social Democrats led by Mogens Lykketoft focused on employment, which they claim has decreased under the current government.
The Danish People's Party, who support the Venstre-Conservative coalition, criticized the "tax-freeze" but agreed, conditionally, to support it for another parliamentary term.
They also wanted increasingly tough immigration restrictions.
The competition was open to skaters from European ISU member nations who had reached the age of 15 before 1 July 2004.
The corresponding competition for non-European skaters was the 2005 Four Continents Championships.
National associations selected their entries based on their own criteria.
Based on the results of the 2004 European Championships, each country was allowed between one and three entries per discipline.
Evgeni Plushenko won his fourth European title, Irina Slutskaya her sixth, Tatiana Totmianina / Maxim Marinin their fourth, and Tatiana Navka / Roman Kostomarov their second.
Susanna Pöykiö (silver) became the first Finn to medal in ladies' singles at the European Championships.
The tournament took place in Reynosa, Tamaulipas from July 23 to August 1.
Two center-right candidates, Donald Tusk, chairman of the Civic Platform party (PO) and Deputy Marshal of the Sejm, and Lech Kaczyński, former chairman of the Law and Justice party (PiS) and mayor of Warsaw, led the poll in the first round, as was widely expected.
As neither received 50 percent of the vote, a second round was held on 23 October.
In this round, Kaczyński defeated Tusk, polling 54.04 percent of the vote.
Although both leading candidates came from the center-right, and their two parties had planned to form a coalition government following the legislative elections on 25 September, there were important differences between Tusk and Kaczyński.
Tusk is considered somewhat more socially and economically liberal, favoring more rapid European integration and a free-market economy.
Kaczyński is more socially conservative and is skeptical of the European Union.
Such differences led to the failure of PiS-PO coalition talks in late October.
Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz, the candidate of the Alliance of the Democratic Left, which was the governing party before the legislative election withdrew from the race on September 14.
At the time he withdrew he was third in the polls, still having the most chances to get to the second round (besides Kaczyński and Tusk).
Other candidates, who withdrew from the elections, but initially have signed to, were Zbigniew Religa and Maciej Giertych.
Daniel Tomasz Podrzycki, who have also signed, died in an accident before the elections.
Ten people had registered themselves in election procedure, but failed to gather 100,000 support signatures: Arnold Buzdygan, Stanisław Ceberek, Gabriel Janowski, Jan Antoni Kiełb, Waldemar Janusz Kossakowski, Marian Romuald Rembelski, Zbigniew Roliński, Sławomir Salomon, Maria Szyszkowska, Bolesław Tejkowski.
The figure of Józef Tusk, grandfather of current Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk, was in the center of the "Wehrmacht affair" over his brief period of service after being drafted into the German army during the late stages of World War II, which was the biggest controversy of the election.
The Swiss government and parliament approved the accession of Switzerland to the agreements in 2003 but the Swiss People's Party collected 86,000 signatures in order to force a referendum on the agreements.
The government sold the agreements as a security arrangement which had nothing to do with membership of the European Union.
They said that Switzerland was completely surrounded by the European Union and could not solve problems on their own.
Opponents, including the Campaign for an Independent and Neutral Switzerland and the Swiss People's Party, linked the agreements to fears over immigration.
They also said that by agreeing to these agreements the government was taking Switzerland closer to European Union membership and that the agreements would give more power to bureaucrats in Brussels.
Opinion polls before the referendum showed about 55% in favour and 35% against, with the rest undecided.
As the referendum neared, the polls showed that support was falling, with the rejection of the European constitution in referendums in France and the Netherlands encouraging opponents of the agreements.
The government of Switzerland welcomed the results and promised not to ignore opponents of the agreements.
The European Commission also welcomed the result of the referendum and described it as an "important step" in Swiss-EU relations.
Opponents called on the government to withdraw their application for membership of the European Union.
Meanwhile an upcoming referendum in September on extending the free movement of labour to the 10 newest members of the European Union was seen as likely to be a harder test.
Switzerland was the last republic in Europe to give women the right to vote but in this referendum the Swiss became the first in Europe to hold a referendum on increased rights for same-sex couples.
Approval in the referendum would mean that same-sex couples would be able to register their partnerships at civil register offices.
These registered partnerships would be legally binding agreements which could only be dissolved in the courts.
Same-sex couples would get the same inheritance, pension, social security and tax rights and obligations as heterosexual couples.
However they would not get the right to adopt or get fertility treatment.
A leader of the campaign for the approval of registered partnerships estimated that about 5 to 10% of the population were homosexual however the government did not expect a large number of people to register their partnerships.
Registered partnerships had already been introduced in the cantons of Fribourg,  Geneva, Neuchâtel and Zurich.
Parliament approved the introduction of the registered partnerships but conservatives gathered the necessary number of signatures to force a referendum.
The government's opinion was that Switzerland needed registered partnerships as the current situation gave "insufficient legal protection" for such same-sex relationships.
Opponents including the Swiss People's Party, Evangelical People's Party and some church groups opposed the introduction of the partnerships as they wanted to keep marriage and the family as a special status.
A poll in April showed 66% in favour and 24% against, while another in May had 67% in favour and 24% against.
The 2006 European Athletics Indoor Cup was held on 5 March 2006 at the Stade Couvert Régional in Liévin, France.
It was the third edition of the indoor track and field meeting for international teams, which featured the six top performing nations from the 2005 European Cup and the top two from the European Cup First League.
Great Britain's women's team withdrew due to the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, while the Italian women also withdrew as the dates coincided with their indoor national championships.
The event was held a week prior to the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Moscow.
The competition featured nineteen athletics events ten for men and nine for women.
The 400 metres race were held in a dual final format due to size constraints, with athletes' being assigned final positions through their finishing times.
The international team points totals were decided by their athletes' finishing positions, with each representative's performance contributing towards their national overall score.
The Russian women won the competition for a third consecutive time, holding a sixteen-point margin over runners-up Poland.
The French men's team also repeated as champions, having won in 2004.
Germany were the men's second placed team, while Spain just edged Poland into the third place spot.
The competition venue is also the annual host of the Meeting Pas de Calais.
Australia qualified for the 2006 FIFA World Cup Finals in Germany and were drawn into Group F with defending champions Brazil, Croatia and Japan.
After beating Japan 3–1 in their opening match, Australia lost 2–0 to Brazil and in the final match they also drew 2–2 with Croatia, finishing second in the group on four points.
In the Round of 16, Australia were defeated 1–0 by the eventual champions, Italy.
For Uruguay it was the third FIFA World Cup out of four since 1990 they failed to qualify.
Jorge Fossati lost his job and rehired Óscar Tabárez who managed the team before (1988–1990), and Uruguay entered the Proceso era breaking many records and have qualified for every FIFA World Cup since 2010.
The 2006 FIG Rhythmic Gymnastics World Cup Final was the seventh edition of the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Cup Final, held from November 17 to November 18, 2006 in Mie, Japan.
The competition was officially organized by the International Gymnastics Federation as the last stage of a series of competitions through the 2005–2006 season.
The Finnish Figure Skating Championships is a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Finland.
Skaters compete at the senior and junior levels in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, pair skating, and ice dancing, although not all disciplines are included in the program every year due to the lack of competitors.
Skaters compete across the levels of Junior and Senior.
The 2006 competition took place between December 10 and 12, 2005 in Tampere.
The event was used to help determine the Finnish team to the 2006 European Figure Skating Championships.
Other less well-known classifications, whose leaders did not receive a special jersey, were awarded during the Giro.
Other awards included the Combativity classification, which was a compilation of points gained for position on crossing intermediate sprints, mountain passes and stage finishes.
Italian Paolo Bettini won the Most Combative classification.
Bettini also won the 110 Gazzetta classification.
The Azzurri d'Italia classification was based on finishing order, but points were awarded only to the top three finishers in each stage.
Ivan Basso won the Azzurri d'Italia classification.
The Trofeo Fuga Piaggio classification rewarded riders who took part in a breakaway at the head of the field, each rider in an escape of ten or fewer riders getting one point for each kilometre that the group stayed clear.
The classification was won by Christophe Edaleine.
Teams were given penalty points for minor technical infringements.
Ceramica Panaria–Navigare were most successful in avoiding penalties, and so won the Fair Play classification.
The borough is divided into 16 electoral wards, all bar two electing three councillors apiece.
Official results can be found at the 2006 elections website.
16 August
The Cardinals entered the season as a co-favorite to win the 2007–08 Big East men's basketball title.
The Associated Press also ranked the Cardinals sixth in their preseason poll.
The Cardinals won the first three games of the season before losing to BYU 78–76 on November 23, 2007.
Going into the new year, the team was 9–3 and had played all but one game at Freedom Hall.
During the month of January, the team went 6–3 overall and 4–4 against Big East competition.
Their first game in Big East competition was on New Years Day, 2008 against Cincinnati, where the team lost 58–57.
Between January 28 and March 8, 2008, the team went on a nine-game winning streak and did not lose during the month of February.
The team finished the regular season with a loss to Big East rival Georgetown, losing 55–52.
The team finished the regular season with an overall record of 24–7 (.774).
Against Big East competition, the team compiled a 14–4 (.778) record and finished second in the conference.
In three of the four losses to Big East rivals, the Cardinals lost by three or fewer points.
The Cardinals made appearances in both the Big East Tournament and the NCAA Tournament.
They finished the season ranked sixth in the Coaches Poll and thirteenth in the AP Poll.
At the conclusion of the season, the team graduated three seniors.
The team made an early exit from the Big East Tournament with a 76–69 overtime loss to Pitt.
Pitt would go on to defeat Georgetown in the championship game and win the tournament.
For the third time in four years, the Cardinals qualified for the NCAA Tournament and were seeded third in the East bracket.
They started off the tournament by defeating 14th-seeded Boise State 75–61.
They also beat 6th-seeded Oklahoma 78–48 and 2nd-seeded Tennessee 79–60 before getting eliminated by 1st-seeded North Carolina (lost 83–73) in the Elite Eight.
The team finished the season with an overall record of 27–9 (14–4 in the Big East).
The season started in Bahrain.
Luca Filippi started the season with win from pole, while Nicolas Lapierre took his first GP2 win in his third season in the sprint race.
One of pre-season favourites, Timo Glock finished 2nd in both races.
Michael Ammermüller, who was driving for defending teams' champion ART Grand Prix was injured and missed next two races.
Next event started with big start crash involving several drivers, including series leader Filippi.
Safety car was instantly deployed and majority of the field opted to make their mandatory pit stop.
Glock wasn't one of those and he lost his chances to win the race as a result.
Bruno Senna took his first GP2 victory in his third race.
Glock finally got his first win of the season after three second places in the sprint.
At Monaco, only one race was held which was won by Pastor Maldonado who had celebrated a victory in World Series there in the previous year.
Glock increased his podium streak to five races after finishing 3rd.
Two drivers made their comeback to GP2 in Magny-Cours.
Adam Carroll replaced underperforming Antônio Pizzonia while Ernesto Viso replaced Sérgio Jimenez.
Glock took pole position in Magny-Cours but the race started difficult time for him.
He crashed with his teammate Andreas Zuber who started second, just a few metres after the start.
Later on the first lap, Viso had massive shunt in which his car turned over and flew over the concrete barrier.
Viso was lucky not to suffer serious injuries.
The race was eventually won by a veteran Giorgio Pantano, giving Campos Racing its first victory in GP2.
Viso's teammate Javier Villa won the sprint race, becoming youngest ever winner in GP2 at that time (the record was broken a year later by Sébastien Buemi).
Glock failed to finish both Silverstone races as well.
Zuber won the feature race while Carroll took the sprint, making it nine winners in nine races.
More amazingly, they were divided to eight different teams: only iSport International had two drivers who had won a race at this point.
Glock rebounded to take feature race victory at his home soil in Nürburgring.
Sprint race was won by Villa.
Glock was also on pole in Hungaroring but failed to score after mistake during the race.
Hungaroring race was won by Carroll who leap-frogged several positions with well-timed pit stop during the safety car, as those who had made their stops already had to use start/finish straight which had lots of debris on it.
Villa was again victorious in sprint race, with Carroll taking 2nd.
Despite starting later in the season, he was en route to good position in the championship.
At Istanbul, Lucas di Grassi, who had finished in the points in every race except one at that point, took his first victory of the season.
Glock won the sprint race, so he eventually got more points than di Grassi while these two were battling for the championship.
At Monza, Pantano won the feature race and Glock the sprint.
di Grassi failed to get podium after car troubles at the end of the feature race.
Pantano, meanwhile, was disqualified in the sprint race after driving several laps with broken front wing.
At Spa, Glock stalled at the start and finished the race in 17th position.
Lapierre was the eventual winner.
Glock then collided with Ricardo Risatti during reconnaissance lap of the sprint race and failed to start.
di Grassi got good chance to close the gap on him but couldn't do better than 3rd in a race which was won by the Indian Karun Chandhok.
The final race was held in Cheste and that was only race of the season which was not supporting F1.
Glock started the weekend two points ahead of di Grassi.
The feature race started on damp track.
Tyre choice was crucial.
The best drivers started on intermediates and then quite soon moved to slicks as the mandatory pit window had opened.
The gaps in the race were exceptionally big, only five drivers finished in the same lap with the winner Vitaly Petrov.
Glock was seventh while di Grassi spun off on damp track, just after switching to slicks.
Glock got to start from the front row in the sprint race while di Grassi's place was near the back of the grid.
Glock confirmed his championship with the victory in the final race, 11 points ahead of di Grassi.
Pantano finished third in the series on countback ahead of Filippi.
This game was canceled due to rain to permit other games to be rescheduled.
The result of this game would have had no effect on pool standings.
However, the game was counted for determining pitching eligibility.
This game was canceled due to rain to permit other games to be rescheduled.
The result of this game would have had no effect on pool standings.
However, the game was counted for determining pitching eligibility.
The Pirates began 2007 with a new majority owner, Robert Nutting, and the dreary fact that they could surpass the Philadelphia Phillies as owners of the longest consecutive losing seasons record in baseball, having last had a winning season in 1992.
However, in spite of finishing 5th in the NL Central, the Pirates were hoping that their 2nd half momentum from 2006 would carry over into 2007.
In addition to NL batting champion Freddy Sanchez and slugger Jason Bay, the Bucs acquired Adam LaRoche from Atlanta in January, hoping to boost offensive power.
In addition, they re-signed pitcher Shawn Chacón, acquired from the Yankees last summer, and signed Tony Armas, Jr. to help bolster their starting rotation, led by Ian Snell and Tom Gorzelanny.
Just before the All Star game, team CEO Kevin McClatchy announced at the end of the season he would be stepping down from the position.
He maintained that he would "remain as the active leader of the organization" to give the team ample time to find a successor and "ensure a smooth transition into the next chapter of Pirates history."
The Pirates' season started well, as they swept the Houston Astros in Houston for the first time since 1991, when the Astros played in the Astrodome.
However, that initial success didn't carry for very long, as the Bucs proceeded to lose 11 of their next 13 games.
The Pirates pulled out of their early slump to post a 12-12 record at the end of April.
May, however, would to be quite tumultuous, as Tony Armas was sent to the bullpen for poor performance, Zach Duke struggled mightily, the bullpen blew several late leads, and closer Salomón Torres was stripped of his closer's duties, in favor of youngster Matt Capps after Torres blew a 2-run ninth-inning lead against the San Diego Padres on May 31.
After the All-Star Break, the Pirates started off by losing 7 games in a row, and 8 out of 9 overall.
Paul "Big Poison" Waner's number 11 was retired in a pregame ceremony at PNC Park July 21, 2007,  conducted in part by members of his family and Pirate greats Bill Mazeroski and Ralph Kiner.
Frustrated by the consistent losing, poor drafting, and the ownership's inability to retain players due to payroll constraints, fans led by Pittsburgh Business Executive Andrew Chomos organized a much-publicized walkout for June 30.
There were also a pre-game protest rally outside the stadium, including the appearance and speaking of former Pirate Doc Ellis, who stated he has been "embarrassed to be called a Pirate over the last 15 years".
Despite the best efforts by the Pirates to downplay the protest, it became so publicized that management was forced to acknowledge its existence.
Then Pirate CEO Kevin McClatchy resigned 2 days after the protest.
The protest periodically appeared in news articles as it did in the August 2010 issue of Sports Illustrated and was also a topical conversation on ESPN and CNN programs.
The 2008–09 Coupe de France was the 92nd season of the French most prestigious cup competition and was open to all clubs in French football, as well as seven teams from overseas departments and territories (Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique, Mayotte, New Caledonia, French Polynesia and Réunion).
The final was held on 9 May 2009 at the Stade de France.
Guingamp claimed their first Coupe de France after defeating Rennes 2–1 after two second-half goals from Eduardo.
RC Saint-André were awarded the "Petit Poucet" Plaque for achieving the best performance in the Coupe de France by an amateur club.
Saint-André, who play Championnat de District Level 3 managed to reach the 6th round by eliminating Promotion Ligue side Etoile Chapelaine in the 1st Round, three d'Honneur Régionale sides (FC Nogentais, Chaumont PTT, FCO St. Julien) in the 2nd Round, 3rd Round, and 4th Round, respectively.
They defeated another Promotion Ligue side in Bagneux Clesles, before suffering elimination to Foyer Barsequanais in the 6th Round.
Their exploits allowed the club to accumulate 30 points and thus defeat FCE Schirrhein (29 points), who were eliminated by Ligue 1 club Toulouse after making it all the way to the Round of 32.
This was originally last Europa Cup season and is also recognized as the first Continental Cup season by International Ski Federation although under this name began its first official season in 1993/94.
The goalies in the game were Henrik Lundqvist for the New York Rangers and Andrei Mezin for Metallurg Magnitogorsk.
At 1:28 of the first period, Metallurg's Denis Platonov scored a goal past Lundqvist to give them the lead.
With 18:07 gone in the first, with the Rangers' Paul Mara in the box for holding, Vladimir Malenkikh made it 2–0 for Magnitogorsk on the power-play.
In the second period, Nikolai Zavarukhin scored another power-play goal at 30:20 to give Magnitogorsk a 3–0 lead over New York, this time with Petr Prucha in the box for holding.
Late in the second, Metallurg ran into penalty trouble as Alexei Kaigorodov and Zavarukhin found their way to the box for holding.
The two-man power-play led to a goal at 39:37 for Chris Drury.
In the third, penalty troubles continued to plague Magnitogorsk.
At 45:45 Dan Fritsche scored for the Rangers to make the score 3–2.
Then, with Metallurg's Stanislav Chistov in the penalty box for hooking, Drury scored his second power play goal of the game at 50:13 .
With the score tied 3–3, the Rangers were badly outshooting Metallurg.
In the last minute, Ryan Callahan picked off a sloppy pass by defenseman Vladimir Malenkikh at Metallurg's blue line and came in alone on goalie Mezin.
In a "shoot-out move", he faked a backhand shot, switched to his forehand and managed to wrap the puck around Mezin's outstretched right leg for the game-winning goal at 59:40.
Lundqvist stopped 22 of 25 shots for the win, while Mezin stopped 40 of 44 shots for Magnitogorsk.
According to Lundqvist, "I think we should have won the game, and we did.
I think we were the better team.
They got some easy goals the first period and made it tough on us.
That's on me, but the way we came back in this game was great to see.
I think we learned a lot.
It gave us confidence moving forward, and now we don't have to hear about it."
The Victoria Cup Trophy was accepted on behalf of the team by Nikolai Zherdev and Dmitri Kalinin, the two Russian players on the Rangers.
The Rangers received $1,000,000 for their victory.
The 2008 offseason opened with the announcement on January 8, 2008 of the retirement of head coach Joe Gibbs.
The Redskins immediately began a national search for a new head coach.
On January 25, 2008, Jim Zorn was hired as offensive coordinator.
The following day, Associate Head Coach Al Saunders and Assistant Head Coach Gregg Williams were fired and Greg Blache was named defensive coordinator.
On February 9, Jim Zorn was hired to be head coach.
On February 15, Sherman Smith, the former running backs coach for the Tennessee Titans, was hired as an offensive coordinator.
On February 26, 2008, the Redskins released WR Brandon Lloyd.
Lloyd later signed with the Chicago Bears.
Mark Brunell, Reche Caldwell, Rick DeMulling, Randall Godfrey, Brian Kozlowski, David Macklin, Keenan McCardell, Pierson Prioleau, Mike Pucillo, and Omar Stoutmire were free agents and not re-signed by the Redskins.
On August 30, the Redskins released veterans Ryan Boschetti (DT), Derrick Frost (P), and Todd Wade (OT) .
On May 27, 2008, the Redskins traded a conditional 2009 seventh-round draft pick to the Minnesota Vikings for DE Erasmus James.
According to the terms of the deal, James must play in at least one regular season game in order for the Vikings to receive the draft pick.
On July 20, 2008, the Redskins traded a 2009 second-round draft pick and a 2010 sixth-round draft pick to the Miami Dolphins for DE Jason Taylor.
On November 6, 2008, the Redskins signed cornerback DeAngelo Hall to a one-year contract.
The competition was open to skaters from ISU member nations who had reached the age of 15 by July 1, 2007.
The corresponding competition for younger skaters was the 2008 World Junior Championships.
Based on the results of the 2007 World Championships, each country was allowed between one and three entries per discipline.
National associations selected their entries based on their own criteria.
Due to the large number of entries at the World Championships, only the top 24 single skaters and top 20 pairs advanced to the free skating after the short program.
In ice dancing, the top 30 couples in the compulsory dance advanced to the original dance, and the top 24 couples after the original dance advanced to the free dance.
The compulsory dance was the Argentine Tango.
Dan Zhang / Hao Zhang from China set a new world record of 74.36 points under the ISU Judging System for pairs' short program.
European champion ice dancers Oksana Domnina / Maxim Shabalin (RUS) withdrew before the event due to an injury to his knee.
They were replaced by Ekaterina Bobrova / Dmitri Soloviev.
Four Continents and Grand Prix Final bronze medalist Evan Lysacek withdrew before the event due to injury.
He was replaced by US pewter medalist Jeremy Abbott.
2008–09 3.
Liga champions 1.
FC Union Berlin and runners-up Fortuna Düsseldorf were directly promoted to the 2.
Bundesliga.
They were replaced by FC Ingolstadt 04 and SV Wehen Wiesbaden, who finished in the bottom two places after last season.
Third-placed team SC Paderborn 07 were also promoted after defeating the 16th-placed team from last year's 2nd Bundesliga, VfL Osnabrück, in a relegation playoff.
As a consequence, Osnabrück will play in this year's 3.
Liga.
VfR Aalen and Stuttgarter Kickers were relegated after finishing the 2008–09 season in the bottom two places.
18th-placed SV Wacker Burghausen were eventually spared from relegation after 5th-placed Kickers Emden voluntarily retracted their application for a license because of financial issues.
Emden will play in the fifth-tier Oberliga Niedersachsen.
The three relegated teams were replaced by the champions of the three Regionalliga divisions, Holstein Kiel (North), Borussia Dortmund II (West) and 1.
FC Heidenheim 1846 (South).
During the regular season, the Red Wings were shut-out an NHL-high nine times.
They also tied the Calgary Flames for the fewest shorthanded goals allowed, with just one.
As part of the NHL Premiere, the Red Wings began their season on Friday, October 2 in Stockholm, Sweden, against the St. Louis Blues.
Their home opener was on October 8 against the Chicago Blackhawks.
The Red Wings were involved in the following transactions during the 2009–10 season.
The Grand Rapids Griffins remain Detroit's American Hockey League affiliate in 2009–10 and the Toledo Walleye will become the team's ECHL affiliate in 2009-10.
The following is the final results of the Iranian Volleyball Super League (Unity Cup) 2009/10 season.
On 27 March 2009, 13 opposition parties agreed to hold a joint rally to demand Saakashvili's resignation in an announcement named Manifesto of Unity.
It was signed by Alliance for Freedom (uniting Party of Freedom; Party of Women for Justice and Equality; Traditionalists and Party of Future); Conservative Party (leaders – Kakha Kukava and Zviad Dzidziguri); Democratic Movement–United Georgia (led by Nino Burjanadze); Georgia's Way (led by Salome Zourabichvili); Industrialists Party (led by Zurab Tkemaladze and beer magnate Gogi Topadze); Movement for United Georgia (founded by ex-defense minister Irakli Okruashvili); Party of People (led by Koba Davitashvili); and the Alliance for Georgia, uniting New Rights, Republican Party and a political team of Irakli Alasania, who had earlier showed reservations about joining the manifestations.
Levan Gachechiladze, a former opposition presidential candidate, has joined the document as an individual politician.
According to Eka Beselia, a spokeswoman for the For a United Georgia party, the protest is intended to change power in a constitutional way.
"The action will be halted only when the power of Saakashvili comes to an end.
We'll force him by a peaceful but nation-wide protest to resign," Beselia said on 13 March.
Salome Zourabichvili stressed on 8 April, that the demonstrators will remain on the streets until the president steps down.
The date of 9 April 2008, was chosen because it will be the 20-year anniversary of the day when 20 people died as Soviet Red Army troops dispersed a pro-independence rally in Tbilisi.
Opposition parties have accused Saakashvili of concentrating power to himself, using riot police to crush opposition rallies in 2007 and for the disaster of the 2008 South Ossetia war.
"I don't think that it should be a surprise that after we lost 20% of Georgian territory and have no democracy in the country, we are asking for the resignation of the president," opposition leader Nino Burjanadze said.
On 8 April, the Tbilisi-based pro-opposition Maestro TV aired a brief video, informing the public that the opposition and their supporters will start gathering at three various venues in the capital city – in Avlabari Square, Tbilisi State University and at the public broadcaster’s office subsequently to join outside the Parliament in Rustaveli Avenue.
Foreign diplomats have called for a dialogue between the government and opposition, and the Georgian Orthodox Church has urged the opposition, the government and the Georgian army not to resort to force.
On 8 April 2009, Georgian police set up a Monitoring Center to oversee the rallies and invited foreign diplomats to keep a close eye on police and protesters’ actions.
The office of Georgian public defender Sozar Subari and a group of local non-governmental organizations will also monitor the events.
Irakli Alasania, leader of the Alliance for Georgia, said that the opposition was willing to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies to provide security during the rallies.
President Saakashvili has stated there was "no alternative to dialogue" and the government was ready to talk even "with the smallest and the most radical group".
The Georgian Interior Minister Vano Merabishvili said that the authorities would show "maximum tolerance" towards the protesters and police would retaliate in case of the opposition attempts at storming the government buildings.
Fire crews and hundreds of police in full riot gear were positioned on the courtyard of the parliament in central Tbilisi in early 9 April.
On the morning of 9 April, the Democratic Movement–United Georgia party claimed that 60 of its members had been arrested in overnight raids.
Up to 60,000 people gathered in Tbilisi on 9 April.
The protesters gave Saakashvili time until 11:00 GMT on Friday, 10 April to stand day and agree to the demands.
A few hundred protesters stayed the night outside the parliament.
Opposition leaders asked people to meet again at afternoon next day.
Eka Beselia said he did not expect Saakashvili to adhere to the deadline, and that concrete action was planned for Friday.
On 10 April, about 20,000 people took part in the rally in Tbilisi.
The opposition announced the start of a national disobedience campaign.
Major roads in Tbilisi were blocked off for six hours, causing the traffic in the city to paralyze.
The opposition said that the same action will be repeated every day.
The Georgian opposition said on 12 April 2009 it would continue its peaceful protest demanding the resignation of President Mikheil Saakashvili, despite its previous decision to hold a break for a religious holiday.
On 13 April 2009 the protesters set up camp outside President Saakashvili's office.
and the opposition leaders stated they were ready to hold talks with the president but that an election was the only way out of the deadlock.
Opposition leaders have pledged to keep the protests peaceful but on 6 May 2009 protesters and police clashed near a police base.
The Interior Ministry said 22 protesters and six policemen were injured.
The opposition said several of its leaders were also treated in hospital.
Protesters appeared to have converged on the police base to demand the release of three opposition activists detained over the beating of a journalist on 5 May 2009.
On 26 May 2009, the Georgian independence day, 50,000 protesters gathered to demand Saakashvili's resignation.
The opposition has also forced the government to cancel the annual military parade.
Opposition leaders still insisted that protests will continue until Saakashvili resigns.
Saakashvili, on his part, reiterated his refusal once again.
On 28 May 2009, several protesters and five policemen were injured in a clash close to the protest venue outside the Parliament.
According to the Georgian government, least one police officer was stabbed and others were beaten.
However, the opposition denied the report, saying some 20 plainclothes police attacked its supporters with batons.
Television pictures aired by Maestro TV showed dozens of men in civilian clothing clashing with each other on a small street near the Parliament.
Opposition leader Kakha Kukava said the clash was "a provocation by a group of policemen who started beating people."
Television pictures showed several wounded protesters, one with blood streaming from his head.
Mid June 2009 Georgian police clashed violently with opposition protesters in Tbilisi.
At a meeting of the 28 NATO states and their Georgian counterpart in Brussels on 5 May 2009 NATO called for dialogue between Georgia's government and opposition, for reforms to ensure freedom of media and assembly, and for the government to avoid violence against protests.
On 7 April 2009, Fitch Ratings had warned that Georgia's long-term credit could be downgraded because of the political instability ahead of the planned protests.
9 April 2009 the Prime Minister of Georgia Nika Gilauri warned that political standoff and protest rallies in the country would hit the Georgian economy.
A slow moving cluster of thunderstorms descended from central Indiana into south-central Indiana and north-central Kentucky.
As it entered the region at the head of a cold front, the storm strengthened significantly and began producing hail, strong winds, and heavy rain.
As the storm moved into the Louisville Metropolitan Area, it continued to strengthen as a torrential downpour inundated the area.
Within a one-hour period more than six inches (15 cm) of rain fell on parts of the region, breaking all previous rainfall records for a one-hour period.
By the end of the day, more rain fell than is normal for the entire month of August.
Downtown Louisville, New Albany, Jeffersonville, and Clarksville were particularly hard hit with water depth surpassing four feet in some areas.
Creeks and streams quickly flooded many neighborhoods, and flash floods rendered numerous streets and areas impassable.
Severe lightning and wind that accompanied the storm led to more widespread damage.
Rain continued throughout the day, letting up at around 1 pm EST.
The ground had already been saturated from rains in the preceding days causing water levels to drop slower than normal.
By 3 pm EST a light rain resumed, but most of the flood waters had receded in the higher elevations of the city.
Deep pools of standing water remained in isolated areas of the city until August 5.
The Louisville International Airport was closed and flights were diverted to Lexington, Kentucky until 1 pm EST.
Northbound Northwest Airlines flight 2287, traveling from Knoxville to Minneapolis, passed through the storm over Louisville and experienced severe turbulence, injuring two passengers and forcing the plane make an emergency landing at Lexington.
The underground levels of all the city parking garages were completely underwater, destroying hundreds of automobiles.
TARC, the city's public transportation system, was paralyzed with most buses abandoning their routes.
Partly due to debris washing onto the roadways, numerous automobile accidents, and people abandoning their vehicles because of rising waters, caused I-71, I-64, I-65, and part of the Watterson Expressway (I-264) and The Gene Snyder Freeway (I-265) were shut down.
Surrounding cities of New Albany, Jeffersonville, and Clarksville, Indiana were also affected.
In New Albany, several parked cars were washed into the Ohio River.
Additionally, most city streets were rendered impassable and several other important roadways were closed for hours.
Across both Indiana and Kentucky, the massive amount of water entering the cities' underground viaducts caused a pressure build-up, blowing off a number of man-hole covers, which created dangerous road hazards.
As of 10 am, additional rain up to a total of 10 inches (25 cm) was predicted and many downtown areas began to voluntarily evacuate away from the Ohio River and onto the higher levels of buildings.
Police and city officials considered ordering an evacuation of the entire downtown area as the city declared a flood emergency, but ordered people to remain in their homes and the highest point possible.
Police and emergency responders began rescuing people trapped in cars and homes.
Reports were made of people and bodies in the floodwaters during the deluge, but no deaths or injuries were confirmed.
Police and emergencies responders from around the region were called in to assist in the relief efforts.
Governor of Kentucky Steve Beshear dispatched two fast water boats to assist in water rescues.
By 3 pm EST, Governor of Indiana Mitch Daniels sent two companies of the Indiana National Guard to assist with cleanup among the communities on the Indiana side of the Ohio River.
Over two hundred people were rescued from their cars during the course of the day, with about fifty people being rescued from their homes.
Most people were able to escape rising waters to higher ground without emergency help.
Assistance was also provided to the downtown area to help tens of thousands of people in leaving.
The National Weather Service in Louisville was struck by lightning at about 9:20 am EST, halting all operations at the location.
The local emergency broadcast tower was also hit, briefly stopping all emergency communication in the city.
The WDRB television news studio had water rise into the building during its newscast, prompting a makeshift water barrier to be erected during the broadcast.
At about 10:40 am EST, the National Weather Service extended the Flood Warning for city until 1 pm EST and a Thunderstorm Warning until 4 pm EST due to new and heavy bands of thunderstorms entering the area.
Lightning struck an apartment complex in the Hurstborne neighborhood, starting a fire that consumed most of the sixteen unit building.
A second apartment in the west-end of Louisville was struck by lightning and destroyed by the fire caused by the strike.
The University of Louisville, which was closed and evacuated at about 10:45 am EST because of rising water on the campus, was among the worst hit.
The university sustained over $15 million in damages with five campus buildings sustaining significant flood damage and at least four others sustaining minor damage.
The main branch of the Louisville Public Library was under three three feet (91 cm) of water destroying tens of thousands of books, including the newly purchased books and donations being sorted in the basement, and destroying dozens of computers; in total causing over $1 million in damage.
Many people were stuck in buildings for hours because of high water in surrounding areas.
The main branch sustained just over $5 million in damage and was closed for a month of repairs, outlying branches also sustained damage but to a lesser extent.
Numerous other buildings went underwater and had to be evacuated including the Cancer Society, Churchill Downs and the horse barns were under three feet of water at varying points.
The trackside barns remained above the water level and 35 horses were moved there.
Water rose so high on the south side of Louisville that most cars parked on the street were completely submerged.
At least 20,000 LG&E customers had power service disrupted in Kentucky.
Most LG&E power terminals were underground and at least a dozen were flooded, including the terminal powering their headquarters.
Four thousand Duke Energy customer lost power in southern Indiana.
Norton Hospital was closed and patients evacuated to upper levels.
Three local animal shelters were flooded killing at least nine animals.
Hundreds of homes received major water damage in both Indiana and Kentucky including the U.S. Census Bureau building.
Most of downtown New Albany was under two to three feet (61 to 91 cm) of water.
Thousands of cars were destroyed around the city, with early damage estimates in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
During the first half of August damages were still being calculated.
To get assistance for damaged households, Governor Bershear requested Jefferson County be declared a major disaster area by the federal government on August 12.
The storm and flood received uninterrupted local radio and television coverage beginning around 9:15 am and continued into the afternoon hours.
About 1:15 pm EST the flood began to be reported on the national news networks.
First on CNN, and later on the evening newscasts of the major networks.
The two teams were not strangers to one another, having both played in the same conference, as Louisville was a member of C-USA from 1996 through 2004.
Southern Miss entered the game with an 18–9–1 series lead.
The teams had played each other in a non-conference matchup during the 2009 season, with Louisville winning at home, 25–23.
This was the first time that the two schools had played each other in a bowl game.
The Golden Eagles went to their ninth straight bowl game, the league's second longest active bowl streak.
This was their first bowl trip to Florida in 29 years since playing Missouri in the 1981 Tangerine Bowl in Orlando.
Although the 2010 season proved to be a successful one on the field for the Golden Eagles, sadly the most memorable public event was when three players were shot after a fight at a club spilled outside to the parking lot.
Linebacker Martez Smith suffered the most serious injury, and is paralyzed from the waist down.
The Golden Eagles went 1–1 following the tragic events, winning over Houston but losing a shootout to Tulsa.
Under first year coach Charlie Strong the Cardinals returned to their first bowl game since the end of the 2006 season when they appeared in the Orange Bowl.
Louisville entered the contest with a 6–6 record after defeating Rutgers to become bowl eligible.
The Cardinals' defense ranked 12th in the nation in total defense during the regular season.
Louisville had gone to eight bowl games in nine years but had been absent from bowl play for the three seasons immediately preceding 2010.
In Race 1, Charles Pic won an eventful first race of the 2010 GP2 season at Barcelona.
The rookie Frenchman moved into first place when previous leader Sergio Pérez (Barwa Addax) was delayed by a slow pitstop, and survived a brief challenge from DPR's Giacomo Ricci to take Arden's first win since the same event 12 months ago.
Ricci's second place was an equally memorable result for DPR, a team that scored precisely one point between 2007 and 2009, and has not won a race since the inaugural GP2 season in 2005.
Completing the podium was local man Dani Clos of Racing Engineering, who staked his claim to the position with a pass on Pastor Maldonado earlier in the race.
Pérez finished just off the podium, but compared to other title rivals, fared well.
ART pairing of polesitter Jules Bianchi and Sam Bird were just 2 drivers who suffered at the start.
Bianchi led into the first corner, only to collide with Racing Engineering's Christian Vietoris.
Both cars were out of the race, while Bird was forced wide in the melee behind him and had to return to the pits for a new nose.
At that point he seemed out of contention, but the Briton produced a stunning drive from the back of the grid, reminiscent of Lewis Hamilton's  drive through the field in Turkey 2006, to haul himself back up to ninth at the finish, falling just 1.6s short of taking the final point and sprint race pole from Ocean Racing's Fabio Leimer.
Less fortunate in his progress through the field was Barwa Addax's Giedo van der Garde, who was dealt a 10s penalty for leaving the pit exit after it had closed prior to the race, and then a drive-through for jumping the start.
Fabio Leimer survived a late push from Luiz Razia to win the second GP2 Series Race at Barcelona.
The Swiss driver, who was making his series debut, started from pole and opened a gap of as much as 4.3 seconds during the middle part of the race.
But Razia came back at him over the closing laps, and crossed the line just 0.7s in arrears.
It was the second-ever win for the Ocean Racing Technology squad, while third for Razia's team-mate Pastor Maldonado secured a two-three for Rapax.
The race was fairly processional at the front, but there was more competition for the minor points placings.
ART's Sam Bird echoed his overtaking masterclass of the day before with another excellent performance, the Briton climbing from ninth to fourth, and he could potentially have challenged for third were it not a late excursion into the gravel that cost him six seconds.
Oliver Turvey held on to fifth despite lapping around 1.5s off the pace in an unco-operative iSport car, leading a train of cars behind him headed by a frustrated Dani Clos (Racing Engineering).
Once again it was a difficult day for some of the series favourites, with Jules Bianchi finishing 12th after banging wheels with Giedo van der Garde and sliding off the track, while Sergio Pérez was unable to make the start after the engine in his Barwa Addax Dallara blew on the formation lap.
There could be more bad news ahead for the Mexican, who is facing a post-race investigation for trailing oil around the racing line on two thirds of the lap before finally pulling over, forcing the start to be delayed by 10 minutes while powder was laid down.
Qualifying heats in World's Strongest Man involve a series of six events.
The field is divided into groups of six competitors with the top two in each of the groups reaching the ten man final.
A win in an event gives a competitor 6 points, second place gets 5, and so on (4,3,2,1).
If there is a tie at the end of the qualifier, the competitor with the most individual event wins gets the advantage.
Information needed
Bravo again screened both The Giants Live Tour (the official qualifying tour for The World's Strongest Man) as well as the finals.
They were both aired before Bravo closed on Saturday 1 January 2011.
Giants Live was shown on three consecutive days from Tuesday 21 December 2010 to Thursday 23 December 2010.
The finals were broadcast on six consecutive days from Sunday 26 December 2010 to Friday 31 December 2010, with each episode dedicated to a qualifying group, and the sixth episode being the final.
The UK broadcast was once again produced by IMG Media for Bravo and featured presenters Martin Bayfield and Alex Reid.
The commentators were Paul Dickenson and Colin J L Bryce and the outside broadcast was performed by 021 Television Ltd.
The Bulldogs finished the 2010–11 season 21–12 overall, 9–7 in SEC play and lost in the first round of the NCAA Tournament to Washington.
The 2011 AFL season was the 115th season of the VFL/AFL competition since its inception in 1897; and, having competed in every season, it was also the 115th season contested by the Carlton Football Club.
Former club champion Stephen Kernahan continued as club president in the 2011 season, a position he has held since August 2008.
The club's two joint major sponsors, car manufacturer Hyundai and confectionery company Mars, were unchanged from 2010.
As in previous years, the club's primary home ground was Etihad Stadium, with home games expecting to draw larger crowds played at the M.C.G., and with traditional home ground Visy Park serving as the training and administrative base.
As has been the case every year since 2003, Carlton has a full alignment with the Northern Bullants in the Victorian Football League, allowing Carlton-listed players to play with the Bullants when not selected in AFL matches.
Carlton set a new club record by selling 43,791 memberships for the 2011 season.
The previous high of 42,408 members, set in 2009, was surpassed on 9 June.
The club had the fourth-highest membership in the league, and the second-highest of clubs who play home games only in Victoria, behind only Collingwood.
The club's membership campaign slogan for 2011 was "No passengers."
Brett Ratten and Chris Judd continued in their respective roles as senior coach and captain of the club, each entering his fourth season appointed to the job.
Kade Simpson continued in the role of vice-captain, and Michael Jamison and Andrew Carrazzo retained their places in the club's leadership group from 2010.
Bryce Gibbs, Marc Murphy and Jordan Russell were elevated into the expanded leadership group for 2011, replacing Heath Scotland, who stepped down, and Simon Wiggins, who retired from the AFL at the end of 2010.
There was a substantial number of changes to Brett Ratten's senior coaching panel between 2010 and 2011.
The contracts of forward-line assistant coach Matthew Lappin and defensive assistant coach Brett Montgomery were not renewed, with the pair taking assistant coaching roles at Collingwood and the Western Bulldogs respectively.
Midfield assistant coach Robert Harvey, and development coach/VFL senior coach David Teague also left to pursue assistant coaching roles at St Kilda and West Coast respectively.
The three vacant assistant coaching positions were filled by Alan Richardson from Essendon, John Barker from Hawthorn, and Gavin Brown from Collingwood.
Darren Harris, who had been serving as development manager since 2009, stepped into Teague's role as development coach and VFL senior coach, and Luke Webster also joined the club as a development coach.
Carlton adopted a new 'clash guernsey' design for the 2011 season.
The new design was predominantly sky blue, with navy blue CFC monogram, numbers, trimming and side-panels.
The sky blue guernsey replaced a predominantly white clash guernsey which had been in use since 2007.
The guernsey was worn with new sky blue shorts, and the traditional navy blue socks (with a white hoop added in the event of clashing socks).
The clash guernsey was first worn in Round 7 against St Kilda.
The following summarises all player changes between the conclusion of the 2010 season and the conclusion of the 2011 season.
The lead-up to the 2011 Brownlow Medal focussed heavily on Carlton.
Chris Judd entered the night as a strong favourite to win; a series of eye-catching performances meant he became the outright favourite early in the season; after Round 20, major betting agency Sportsbet was offering odds shorter than $2 for Judd to win, and decided to pay out early to all punters who had already backed Judd for the win.
Murphy also figured prominently in Brownlow markets during the season, fuelled by his career-best season, and very strong polling in other MVP awards, most notably the AFL Coaches Association Player of the Year Award.
Bookmakers were offering odds as short as $5.50 in Round 18, when Murphy was second-favourite behind Judd.
By the end of the season, Murphy was fifth-favourite behind Judd, Sydney's Adam Goodes and Collingwood's Scott Pendlebury and Dane Swan.
In the end, neither player won the medal.
Judd polled 23 votes to finish equal 5th, and Murphy polled 19 votes to finish equal 7th, out of eligible players.
Bryce Gibbs was the only other Carlton player with double figures, polling 12 votes.
The Carlton Football Club had a full affiliation with the Northern Bullants during the 2011 season.
It was the ninth season of the clubs' affiliation, which had been in place since 2003.
Carlton senior- and rookie-listed players who were not selected to play in the Carlton team were eligible to play for either the Northern Bullants seniors or reserves team, including both Victorian Football League matches and Foxtel Cup matches.
As in 2010, home games were shared between the Bullants' traditional home ground, Preston City Oval, and Carlton's traditional home ground, Visy Park.
The Bullants finished 4th out of 13 in the VFL, after being defeated in the preliminary final by Port Melbourne.
The Bullants had finished sixth on the ladder after the home-and-away season with a record of 10–8.
Additionally, in the inaugural season of the Foxtel Cup, the Bullants reached the second round (quarter finals) before being eliminated by eventual runners-up Claremont.
Carlton's Brock McLean, who played nineteen matches for the Bullants through the year, won the Laurie Hill Trophy as the Bullants' best and fairest.
One year before the World Cup, the B World Championship was disputed in Dornbirn, Austria, where three teams were qualified.
The other thirteen qualified National Teams are the top thirteen National Teams of the previous World Cup, played in Vigo, Spain.
The match was played by the best two teams of the 2010–11 season.
During the course of that season Maribor was a league champion with Domžale being the only serious contender through most of the season, eventually finishing as runners up.
The two teams were the only ones in the league that earned 20 or more victories, with Maribor achieving 21 and Domžale 20.
In addition, both teams were part of the Slovenian cup final, held at Stožice stadium in Ljubljana and won by Domžale with the score 4–3 after regulation.
The match is arguably one of the best Slovenian cup final ever held, since the competition was first introduced during the 1991–92 season.
2013 first round draft pick from Charlotte
Charlotte's own 2013 1st round draft pick to Chicago (top-12 protected in the 2013 Draft, top-10 protected in 2014, top-8 protected in 2015 and unprotected in the 2016 Draft.)
[Charlotte – Chicago, 2/18/2010].
No picks owed
Between seasons, the ISU eliminated the option for seeded skaters to compete at a third GP event and the option for pairs to compete in both the senior Grand Prix and Junior Grand Prix in the same season.
The International Skating Union released the initial list of Grand Prix assignments on May 21, 2012: Due to the 2012 China anti-Japanese demonstrations, the Japan Skating Federation said it might withdraw its competitors from the Cup of China if the organizers did not provide security guarantees.
The event was held without incident.
Skaters ranked according to total score.
The short and free columns break down the total score of a skater's best overall event into the short and free program.
Top senior Grand Prix scores after all 7 events: Skate America, Skate Canada, Cup of China, Rostelecom Cup, Trophée Eric Bompard, NHK Trophy, and Grand Prix Final.
The 2012 American Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from May 5 to May 12 to determination qualification spots for Boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
A total of fourteen teams, seven men's and seven women's teams, have qualified for the Canada Cup through various means:
All times listed in Central Time Zone (UTC-6).
All times listed in Central Time Zone (UTC-6).
The China anti-Japanese demonstrations of 2012 were a series of demonstrations held across major cities in China and Taiwan during August and September 2012.
The main cause of the demonstrations was the escalation of the Senkaku Islands dispute (Senkaku islands known as Diaoyu in China)  between China and Japan around the time of the anniversary of the "Mukden Incident of 1931, which was the de facto catalyst to the Japanese invasion of Manchuria, culminating in a humiliating Chinese defeat and a decisive Japanese victory vis-à-vis total consolidation and annexation of Manchuria.
Protesters in several cities later became violent and local authorities began arresting demonstrators and banning the demonstrations.
The Senkaku Islands (in Japanese; Diaoyu Islands in Chinese) are offshore islands near Taiwan, and have been a subject of territorial dispute between the governments of the People's Republic of China, the Republic of China and Japan.
Prior to the demonstrations, there were many cases of protests over the sovereignty of the islands, most notably those in China in 2005.
September 18 marks the anniversary of the 1931 Japanese invasion of Manchuria, the memories of which fuel anti-Japanese sentiment in China.
After the 2010 Senkaku boat collision incident, China stopped exporting rare earths to Japan.
On 16 April 2012, Tokyo's prefectural governor Shintaro Ishihara publicly announced his decision to let Tokyo Municipality purchase the island from its private owner.
On 4 July 2012, three Japanese coast guard boats made an official inspection of one Taiwanese ship near the disputed island.
After the inspection, Japanese coast guard and Taiwanese coast guard stood face to face.
On 7 July 2012, Japanese prime minister Yoshihiko Noda expressed his consideration for the Japanese government to buy the disputed islands.
The Chinese government angrily protested; Ministry spokesman Liu Weimin retorted "No one will ever be permitted to buy and sell China's sacred territory".
On 15 August 2012, activists from Hong Kong sailed to, and landed on one of the disputed islands, but were stopped by the Japan Coast Guard.
Seven activists jumped from the ships to swim ashore, five of whom reached the island; the other two turned back to the ships.
The activists and their ship were detained by Japanese authorities.
The detained activists were deported two days later.
After the detainment of Hong Kong activists by the Japanese Coast Guard, Netizens in Mainland China called for a nationwide protest against Japan on 19 August.
In Beijing, citizens began protesting in front of the Japanese embassy on 15 August.
On the morning of 19 August, a crowd gathered and held placards bearing phrases such as "Return us the Diaoyu Islands" and "Japan must confess her crimes" in protest.
In Shenzhen, protesters marched down the streets chanting slogans such as "Defend the Diaoyu Islands" and "Smash Japanese Imperialism", called for the boycott of Japanese goods and for the government to retake the islands.
In the process, many protesters tore up Japanese flags and smashed Japanese-branded cars and vandalized shops selling Japanese goods; rocks were hurled at a Ramen shop.
The protests lasted till about 2pm.
According to Sing Tao Daily, the government sent in large numbers of armed police, who called for an end to the violent protests, began driving the protesters away and detaining several over-reacting protesters.
On 14 September, the Shenzhen Police detained 4 protesters for violating private property rights by deliberately smashing roadside cars.
The anti-Japanese protests were occasionally exploited by protesters who sought to criticize the Chinese government.
Such demonstrations included marching with posters of the late Chinese leader Mao Zedong—perceived to be more assertive on issues of sovereignty than current leaders, as well as signs about corruption, food safety, and income inequality.
Supporters of the ousted anti-capitalist leader Bo Xilai also had a showing during the protests.
There were also protests of varied intensities in other major cities such as Jinan, Qingdao, Guangzhou, Taiyuan, Shenyang, Changchun, Harbin, Chengdu and Hangzhou.
There were police officers maintaining order at the scenes to prevent incidents of violence.
On 17 September, police in the city of Xi'an banned large protests and forbade the use of phone and online messages to organize illegal protests.
For the duration of the week, paramilitary troops in Shanghai provided round-the-clock protection to the Japanese consulate, stripping demonstrators of projectiles, warning them against violence with megaphones, and limiting demonstrators' time at the site to a few minutes.
On September 18, police in Qingdao city arrested six people for violent acts in connection with the demonstrations.
Guangzhou authorities arrested 18 people who committed anti-Japanese vandalism and asked the public to submit evidence against other violators.
Governments elsewhere in Guangdong Province warned citizens against being present in large crowds.
On 19 September, national authorities deployed riot police to suppress existing protests and to prevent their re-occurrence.
Stations near to protest sites were closed by Beijing subway authorities, roads were re-opened to traffic, and Beijing-wide text messages warned citizens against further demonstrations.
Outside of minor protests in Shanghai, no demonstrations were reported on the 19th.
Police stations across the country vowed retribution against rioters on Weibo, and China's commerce ministry urged foreign companies to report damage to the authorities.
The Japanese embassy in Beijing confirmed that there were no longer protests at that location, and Japanese businesses which had shut down during the protests re-opened.
On 21 September, dozens of Japanese coast guard officials and Okinawa Prefecture police officers landed on the Uotsuri island, a largest island of Senkaku islands to prepare for the landing of Taiwanese activists.
On 22 September, the United States Marine Corps and Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force proceeded with an amphibious assault drill on the scenario of retaking an island occupied by enemy forces.
During the protests against Japan, there were calls of boycotts of Japanese goods in addition to the destruction of several existing Japanese products.
Many Japanese businesses and factories in China were shuttered in reaction to the protests.
Some Chinese group tours to Japan were cancelled, dealing a blow to the Japanese tourism industry.
The Japanese car manufacturing industry suffered a loss of $250 million between 15–21 September due to the production of about 14,000 cars being suspended.
Rioters looted and smashed the windows of several AEON shopping malls, doing $8.8 million of damage to one location; despite this, AEON continued with its expansion into China, but focused on selling Chinese-made goods, and kept Japanese-made ones to about 5%.
The Guardian predicted a global slowdown of economy due to the protests.
Chinese authorities asked booksellers in Beijing to ban books by Japanese authors and titles about Japanese topics, and pressured Chinese publishers not to translate and publish Japanese content in response to China-Japan conflict.
Then Bookstores got rid of all publications related to Japan or written by Japanese authors.
On October 12, the entrepreneur-philanthropist Chen Guangbiao spent over $770,000 of his own money to buy new Geely cars for 172 owners of Japanese cars that were vandalized during the protests.
By 17 March 2011, Argentine president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced that the start would be in Mar del Plata, Argentina, the first stage would end in Bahía Blanca.
The course would later cross the provinces of La Pampa, Mendoza, San Juan, La Rioja and Catamarca before crossing to Chile and finally ending in Peru.
On 9 January 2011, Peruvian press announced that Peru would host the three final stages of the 2012 Dakar Rally, with Lima, the Peruvian capital, hosting the awards ceremony.
The official announcement took place on 18 February in Paris.
A map displaying these final stages was also published.
Near the end of the first stage, motorcycle rider Jorge Andrés Boero died following a crash.
It was the 21st death of a competitor in the history of the rally.
During stage 2, the ultralight aircraft of a father son duo watching the race crashed.
Both died at the scene.
The competition in the category rapidly developed into a two-horse race between KTM riders Cyril Despres and Marc Coma, who between them had won each previous Dakar event since 2005.
It was Coma who seized the advantage initially with a victory on stage two, but a navigational error during the third stage dropped him ten minutes behind Despres.
The gap between the pair remained close to the ten-minute mark until Despres lost time by getting stuck in mud during the eighth stage, allowing Coma to re-take the lead.
The battle remained extremely close for the following stages, with Coma and Despres exchanging the lead on two further occasions before the outcome of the battle was effectively settled during the thirteenth stage – Coma lost almost an hour to his rival, largely through the result of a 45-minute penalty for an engine change but also due to gearbox issues and further navigational trouble.
That allowed Despres to take a comfortable victory over Coma by a margin of 53 minutes, with Yamaha rider Hélder Rodrigues, who had held third position since the fourth stage, a further 18 minutes behind the Spaniard having picked up two stage wins during the event.
KTM riders Jordi Viladoms and Štefan Svitko completed the top five, with Pål Anders Ullevålseter, who won the final stage of the event, in sixth position.
Francisco Lòpez, who won the opening stage, had been running in fourth but was forced to retire after the seventh stage due to a fall which aggravated a previous knee injury.
Sergio Lafuente took the first two-stage wins before losing an hour during the third stage.
That handed the advantage briefly to Alejandro Patronelli, but his countryman Tomas Maffei seized the lead after victory in the fourth stage.
However, both Maffei and Marcos Patronelli, brother of Alejandro, both effectively dropped out of contention when both lost considerable ground (54 minutes and 1 hour 20 minutes respectively) during the seventh stage, giving Alejandro Patronelli a lead of almost an hour after winning the stage.
He took a further two stage wins en route to a comfortable victory in the overall classification by a margin of 1 hour and 20 minutes.
Maffei lost second position in the ninth stage, and would finish in third overall despite winning the last two stages, 54 minutes down on the second of the Patronelli brothers.
Compleing the all-Yamaha, all-South American top five were Ignacio Casale, six hours adrift of the winning time, and Lafuente, who was another two hours further behind.
With the withdrawal of the Volkswagen Motorsport works team, the first privateer winner since Jean-Louis Schlesser in 2000 was assured.
The all-new X-Raid Mini All4 proved immediately competitive, with Leonid Novitskiy winning the first stage, Nani Roma winning the third stage and nine-time Dakar winner Stéphane Peterhansel re-taking the lead of the overall classification after taking victory in the fourth stage.
Krzysztof Hołowczyc, also at the wheel of a Mini, held second behind Peterhansel after winning the fifth stage and remained inside the top three until power steering failure during the tenth stage ruled him out of contention.
Roma then became Peterhansel's closest rival, with 19 minutes separating the pair after the Spaniard's win in the tenth stage.
Roma would eventually finish the rally in second position, 40 minutes down on his teammate after getting stuck in sand dunes on the penultimate stage, with Peterhansel taking his tenth Dakar victory after adding to his stage win tally during the penultimate stage.
2009 winner Giniel de Villiers, driving a Toyota Hilux, finished a distant third overall, 32 minutes behind Roma, having failed to win any stages.
Novitskiy was classified in fourth position after winning stage twelve, albeit over two hours behind Peterhansel.
It was an event to forget for defending champion Nasser Al-Attiyah.
He lost nine minutes during the first stage after his Hummer's engine lost oil pressure.
The Qatari went on to win the second stage, but lost over half an hour to Peterhansel in the fourth stage; winning the seventh stage had seen Al-Attiyah recover to sixth place before engine and alternator problems during the ninth stage warranted his retirement.
Teammate Robby Gordon was at this stage just five minutes behind Peterhansel with a win on the ninth stage, but the gap increased to 20 minutes when the American hit a rock on the tenth stage.
An illegal modification to his Hummer's engine then saw Gordon disqualified, though he continued to compete under appeal for the remainder of the rally.
He would have finished fifth in the overall classification with three further stage wins, Toyota driver Lucio Alvarez inheriting the position as a result of Gordon losing the appeal.
Never outside the top two of the overall classification, the event was dominated by Iveco driver Gérard de Rooy.
After finishing second to fellow Dutch competitor Marcel van Vliet in the opening stage, de Rooy won the second to lead the overall classification and re-took the lead after victory in the fourth stage.
He consolidated his lead with two more successive stage victories, opening a 15-minute advantage over Aleš Loprais before the Tatra driver was forced to retire after an accident in the non-timed section of the ninth stage.
De Rooy then held a 47-minute advantage over teammate Hans Stacey, a gap he extended to 51 minutes by the end of the event with a final stage victory in the twelfth stage.
Stacey secured second in the overall standings despite not having won any stages, with Artur Ardavichus the best of the Kamaz entries in third position – 1 hour and 47 minutes down on de Rooy with victory in the tenth stage to his credit.
Eduard Nikolaev, taking over as de facto Kamaz team leader after the retirement of Vladimir Chagin and Firdaus Kabirov, was excluded for an incident with a competitor in the car category during the fourth stage.
Kamaz drivers Andrey Karginov, who won the eleventh stage, and Ilgizar Mardeev completed the top five.
Former World Rally champion Miki Biasion was running third before losing over six hours during a torrid seventh stage, though the Italian won two more stages (to add to his victory on the third stage) en route to recovering to sixth place overall.
The 2012 European championships of international draughts were held from 16 to 22 September in Emmen, Netherlands over 9 rounds Swiss-system tournament.
There were 68 participants from 25 countries, including, 24 grandmasters, 9 international masters and 12 masters of the FMJD.
The winner was Alexei Chizhov from Russia, silver was for Guntis Valneris from Latvia, third was Pim Meurs from the Netherlands.
BYU held a small, two-point lead at half-time, which evaporated when DePaul opened the second half with a 14–0 run.
BYU chipped at the lead, and cut the lead to three points late in the game.
With one second left in the game, the lead was three, and Haley Steed launched a three-point attempt that many, including BYU coach Jeff Judkins, thought it was going in.
It did not, and DePaul secured the round, and hit a final foul shot to win the game, 59–55.
The last time Tennessee-Martin beat Tennessee, Pat Summitt, then Pat Head, was playing for the Tennessee-Martin team.
Tennessee held Heather Butler to 14 points, almost ten points below her usual average, which made her the third leading scorer in the nation.
Tennessee-Martin was held to under 30% shooting, and Tennessee won the opening round game 72–49.
Florida opened the game with a 9–0 run and lead 12–2 early in the game.
Ohio State would play roughly even with Florida the rest of the way, occasionally cutting the margin, once to two points, but never taking the lead.
Florida won in the match up between eight and nine seeds, 70–65.
Georgetown extended a ten-point halftime lead to 17, but gave most of the lead back.
Fresno State cut the lead to three, and had possession of the ball with a chance to tie the game.
Fresno State turned the ball over on several of their final possessions, while Georgetown missed free throws to keep the outcome in doubt until the final seconds.
The Hoyas hung on to win 61–56.
Brittney Griner only played 22 minutes, but she wasn't needed in an easy win against UC Santa Barbara.
The Bears cruised to a 30 points margin in the first half and Baylor easily beat the Gauchos 81–40.
Sydney Wallace, a freshman at Georgia Tech, scored 28 points, in a match up against Sacred Heart.
The Yellow Jackets build a large lead early, and were never threatened again by the Pioneers, who were playing in their third NCAA tournament since 2006 but still looking for their first won.
The final score was 76–50.
In her first NCAA appearance, Elena Delle Donne had 39 points when she was removed from the game by her coach.
At the time, the opposing team, Arkansas, Little Rock, had not yet scored 39 points.
They would go on to score a total of 42, but the Fightin' Blue Hens of Delaware scored 73, to win their first ever NCAA tournament game.
Kansas hasn't been to the NCAA Tournament since 1999.
They narrowly made the field, but were going through a rough patch, losing all but two of their final eight games, and losing their leading scorer, Carolyn Davis, to a season-ending knee injury.
Despite facing a higher seeded team in Nebraska, they managed to outscore their opponents and beat the Huskers 57–49.
The game between Tennessee and DePaul was a rematch of an earlier season game played at the Maggie Dixon Classic, won by Tennessee 84–61.
In that game, starting point guard Ariel Massengale was not available due to injury, while DePaul's Keisha Hampton scored 14 for DePaul.
Since that match up, Massengale returned from injury, and Hampton was lost to a season-ending injury.
Despite the changes in available players, DePaul stayed close to the Volunteers in the first half, ending the half with a five-point deficit.
Tennessee's Glory Johnson had a career-high 21 rebounds to help Tennessee pull away in the second half, and the Volunteers won, 63–48.
Brittney Griner went almost twelve minutes before scoring, but ended up with 25 points.
She only had eight points in the first half, when Baylor pulled to a nine-point margin over Florida.
The Lady Bears extended the margin to 13 in the opening minutes of the second half, and the Gators were never close again.
The final score was in favor of Baylor, 76–57.
Georgia Tech is no stranger to the NCAA Tournament, but had never advanced beyond the second round.
This year's team set a record for victories in their conference, and overall victories, and received a 4 seed, their highest seed ever.
The game against 5 seeded Georgetown was close early, but the Yellow Jackets pulled to a ten-point margin at halftime.
The Hoyas were never closer than ten points in the final twelve minutes of the game, and Georgia Tech went on to win, 76–64.
Delaware reached halftime with a six-point lead over eleventh seeded Kansas, but the Jayhawks came on strong in the second half.
Even though The Blue Hens Elena Delle Donne would score 34 points, her teammates combined would contribute fewer points, and Kansas would start the second half with a 19–6 run to take the lead, which they would never relinquish.
Kansas won 70–64 to advance to the Sweet Sixteen.
Kansas started the game against Tennessee with a strong performance, working their way out to a 14-point lead.
The Volunteers would cut into the lead and reduce it to five at halftime.
In the second half, the Tennessee team, behind 22 points off the bench from Meighan Simmons, and took over the lead, then extended it to double digits.
Tennessee ended up with the win, 84–73.
Georgia Tech out scored Baylor by one in the second half, but that result was academic, as the Bears had out together a 16-point lead by halftime.
Georgia Tech's Sydney Wallace scored 32 points, but Brittney Griner had 35 for Baylor to help lead them to a win, 83–68.
Tennessee pulled out to an early 9–5 lead, but Baylor quickly responded.
Brittney Griner was one block short of a triple double, and Baylor ended up winning by 19, 77–58.
An incident occurred in the last minute of the game between Odyssey Sims and Shekinna Stricklen, resulting in a technical foul for each.
Three players, including Griner, came off the bench, and were ejected.
At the pro level, an ejection for leaving the bench brings with it a suspension for the subsequent game, but the rule is different in the NCAA.
The loss prevented the Tennessee team from reaching the Final Four; the seniors in this class are the first class in Tennessee history to fail to make it to a Final Four.
Early in the match up between top seeded Stanford and 16th seeded Hampton, the Pirates were staying close to the Cardinal, trailing at one time by one point, 22–21.
However, Stanford then went on a 13–0 run, and the Pirates were never close again, falling 73–51.
West Virginia's leading rebounder, Ayana Dunning, picked up her fourth foul and headed to the bench less than six minutes into the second half.
Texas, who were down 13 points at halftime, climbed back into the game, and cut the lead to three points.
WVU's Taylor Palmer scored 13 of her overall 18 points in the second half, with one three-pointer coming after a five-minute stretch without any score by the Mountaineers.
West Virginia then stretched out the lead, and won the game, 68–55.
South Carolina faced Eastern Michigan, whose Tavelyn James is the second leading scorer in the nation at 24 points per game.
The Gamecocks were effective on defense, holding James to just 11 points, and the entire team to 48.
South Carolina went on to win 80–48.
The game plan of South Dakota State's head coach Aaron Johnston including containing Purdue's leading scorer Brittany Rayburn.
That part of the plan was executed, as Rayburn scored 12 points.
However, Johnston hadn't planned on the Boilermakers' Courtney Moses setting an NCAA record for three-pointers in a game.
She hit nine, for 27 of her 29 points, helping lead the team to an 83–68 victory.
Vanderbilt is about forty miles from Middle Tennessee, but the two teams haven't played in twenty years.
Vanderbilt moved out to a small seven-point lead at halftime, then went on a 20–5 run in the second half to put the game out of reach.
Vanderbilt prevailed, 60–46.
The fourteen seed has never beaten a three seed, but Creighton came very close to breaking that streak.
St. Johns had the ball and a two-point lead when pressure defense appeared to force the ball out of bounds.
The St. Johns coach had called time out in time, but when the officials reviewed the replay, they noticed an elbow to the face by a St. Johns player.
That gave two free throws to Creighton, and the ball.
Creighton tied the game, but was unable to score on that possession.
St. Johns had the ball with about five second left in the game, when Nadirah McKenith ran the length of the court, putting in a basket with 0.1 on the clock, securing the 69–67 victory.
Duke's Elizabeth Williams is nursing a stress fracture, but still managed to be one of four Blue Devils with double-digit scoring.
The game started with Duke pulling out to a 23–7 lead; Samford was never able to make the game close, in just its second appearance in the tournament.
Oklahoma's Aaryn Ellenberg played only seven minutes in the first half of the game because of foul trouble, but made up for it in the second half.
She scored 28 points, playing on her home court, to help lead the Sooners to an 88–67 victory over Michigan.
West Virginia played Stanford even in the second half, but they had been out scored by 17 in the first half, so the second half did not move them closer to their goal.
Stanford had put together a 17–0 run in the first half, and that would match the halftime and final margin.
The freshman point guard for the Cardinal, Amber Orrange took home scoring honors with 18 points, and had five assists while committing zero turnovers.
The Cardinal beat the Mountaineers 72–55.
Dawn Staley, the South Carolina head coach, made it to the sweet sixteen several times as a player, but had not reached that level as a coach.
They faced fourth seeded Purdue in a match up to determine who would advance to the sweet sixteen in the Fresno region.
The Gamecocks held the Boilermakers to under 40% shooting for the game, and extended a seven-point half time lead to an eleven-point final margin, winning the game 72–61, and advancing to the regional game in Fresno, California.
It was unseasonably hot in Vanderbilt's Memorial Gym, both in terms of temperature and shooting.
The gym does not have air conditioning, resulting in temperatures reaching the 90's.
Duke hit 42 baskets in 65 attempts, just short of 66%.
While the Commodores would score 80 points, the Blue Devils scored 96, to end up with  a 16-point margin.
Duke's Haley Peters set a career high mark with 25 points.
St. Johns took on Oklahoma on their home floor, where they were 8–1 in previous NCAA Tournament games.
They allowed the Sooners to shoot almost 48% from the field and score 70 points.
St. Johns had not won a game this year when giving up 70 points.
Despite that, the Red Storm managed to score 74, so ended up with a win and a trip to the Sweet Sixteen.
St. John's would have the leading scorer of the game with Da'Shena Stevens, who scored 19 points, but the team as a whole shot under 35%, against Duke's 54%.
The Blue Devils scored sixteen consecutive points in one run spanning halftime which put the game out of reach.
Duke won 74–47.
South Carolina stayed close to Stanford for much of their game, but could not overcome the Cardinal.
The Ogwumike sisters filled the stat sheet with Nneka scoring 39 points and pulling down ten rebounds, while sister Chiney lead the team in blocks and steals.
Stanford pulled away late, then used a 9–0 run to put the game out of reaching, winning the game 76–60.
Once again, the Ogwumike sisters contributed significantly to a Stanford victory.
Nneka scored 29 points, while younger sister Chiney was the rebounding leader with 17.
The Cardinal pulled out to a 15-point lead at halftime.
Although the Duke Blue Devils were able to outscore Stanford in the second half, they only reduced the final margin to twelve, 81–69.
Arkansas faced a double-digit deficit in the first half, but pulled even by halftime.
In the second half, the defense of Arkansas prevailing, holding the Dayton flyers to zero field goals in the last twelve minutes of the game.
The Razorbacks won, 72–55.
The defending national champion Aggies held only a four-point lead at halftime over Albany, playing in its first ever NCAA Tournament appearance.
The Great Danes were on a ten-game winning streak, but were unable to extend the run to eleven, as Texas A&M extended the lead in the second half, and won 69–47.
After not sleeping well, Maryland's Alyssa Thomas struggled in the first half.
She only had five points in the first half, while her team missed five of its first seven shots and fell behind early 8–4.
The Terrapins moved out to a seven-point lead over Navy by the half, and after coach Brenda Frese urged Thomas to settle down, Thomas scored  a dozen in the second half, and help lead the team to a 59–44 victory over the Midshipmen.
The venue for Louisville's head coach Jeff Walz was familiar, as they were playing at Maryland, where he had served as an assistant coach for several years, including a national championship.
The opponent were the Spartans, whose senior class had won at least one game in each of the prior three NCAA tournaments.
The Cardinals would frustrate that streak, holding Michigan State to 55 points, and winning the game 67–55.
There have been nine wins by thirteen seeds in history, and Marist now has three of them.
Free throws shooting (21–25) helped the Red Foxes win the biggest upset of the tournament so far.
The Georgia Bulldogs out-rebounded Marist 33–27, and took 21 more field goal attempts, but over 50% shooting by Marist helped the Red Foxes defeat Georgia 79–70.
None of the players on the California team have competed in an NCAA tournament game, but the team did not show it early on, as they took a nine-point lead at the half, and built it to a 16-point lead in the second half.
Iowa made a run, and cut the lead to seven, but cut not get closer, and lost to the Golden Bears, 84–74.
Notre Dame scored the first eleven points before the two-minute mark, giving the Irish a chance to rest starters.
The lead was 25 at halftime, and extended to a 31-point margin at the end, as Notre Dame beat Liberty 74–43.
Florida Gulf Coast, transitioning into NCAA Division I, took St. Bonaventure to overtime in the first NCAA appearance for both teams.
The Eagles were on a 21-game winning streak and hit their 341st three-pointer of the season, setting an NCAA season record, but were unable to hold on to a double-digit lead.
They were outscored in overtime by seven and ended up losing 72–65.
Arkansas fell behind by double digits, then rallied against Dayton to win their first-round game.
Against, Texas A&M they fell behind by double digits again, with a 14-point deficits in the second half and rallied again, taking a one-point lead late in the game.
However, this time the Razorbacks could not hold the lead, and the Aggies' Sydney Carter hit two free throws with 23 seconds left in the game to give the Aggies the win 61–59.
The Maryland-Louisville game set up a rematch between Jeff Walz, the head coach of Louisville, but former assistant at Maryland to Brenda Frese.
Louisville had knocked Maryland out of the 2009 NCAA tournament, but this time the Terrapins would prevail.
It was a close battle with an early lead by Louisville, then small leads by Maryland in the second half.
Maryland held a three-point lead in the closing seconds when Becky Burke launched a potential tying shot that was tipped by Maryland.
The Terrapins hit a final foul shot to win 72–68.
St. Bonaventure faced Marist in the second-round game.
It is the first visit to the NCAA tournament for the Bonnies.
Marist has been here before, but was the lowest seed left in the tournament.
The two teams faced each other in the regular season, with St. Bonaventure winning by eleven in their December game.
The result would be the same this time, but much closer, as Marist missed a closing seconds three-point shot that would have tied the game.
The Bonnies beat the Red Foxes 66–63.
California scored more field goals than Notre Dame, and made more three-pointers, but the Fighting Irish, playing on their home court, had more points from the free throw line.
The game was tied at 31 all at halftime, but Notre Dame had an 8–2 run to open the second half.
The Golden Bears tried to come back, but did not get closer than nine points in the late part of the game.
Natalie Novosel hit 18 of her 20 free throw attempts, while the entire team hit almost 80% (26 for 33) in the game to end up with the win, 73–62.
The defending national champion Texas A&M pulled out to an 18-point lead against Maryland.
Although the Terrapins would cut the lead to three at the break, the Aggies stretched the lead back to 11 early in the second half.
Maryland used a rebounding margin of 42–30 to earn more second chance points, and went on to win 81–74.
St. Bonaventure was never in the game with Notre Dame.
The Irish started out on a 16–2 run.
The Bonnies didn't get their second basket until more than halfway through the first half.
Notre Dame shot over 50%, while holding the Bonnies to 19%.
The Irish would go on to win easily 79–35.
Notre Dame's Skylar Diggins had a triple-double in points assists and rebound to help lead the Irish to a 31-point victory over Maryland.
Although the game was close for the first few minutes, Notre Dame went on a 26–7 run to reach a 19-point margin by halftime, and stretched the margin in the second half, winning 80–49.
Connecticut started the game like they have in so many other first-round games, looking like a potential blowout.
UConn scored the first eight points, before Prairie View hit an awkward three-pointer off the glass.
However, The Lady Panthers stayed relatively close in the first half, cutting the lead to eight well into the game.
Senior Tiffany Hayes, nursing a stress injury, played 17 minutes in the first half, but sat out the second half.
Freshman Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis stepped up, scoring 21 points, tying a UConn record for points in their first NCAA appearance, held by former UConn player and current Cincinnati coach Jamelle Elliott.
UConn stretched out the lead in the second half and won 83–47.
Princeton won the last three IVY league regular-season titles, which earned them an invitation to the tournament, but their regular-season performance earned a national ranking, the first time an Ivy League school has been in the AP ranking, so they were a nine seed, rather than the double-digit seeds usually awarded to automatic bids by the Ivy league.
They played well against the eight-seeded Kansas State Wildcats, going on a 10–2 run to start the second half, and turn a small halftime deficit into a lead.
However, Kansas State's Branshea Brown set a career record for points with 22 and helped the Wildcats hold on for a 67–64 victory.
Gonzaga, which had ridden graduated superstar Courtney Vandersloot to the regional final in 2011, picked up where it had left off a year earlier, achieving the only upset of the day.
The Bulldogs, playing on their home court for the second straight year, pulled out to an early lead, with a score of 20–4 ten minutes into the game, and never relinquished the lead.
Rutgers managed only one field goal in the first ten minutes of the game.
Rutgers scored 50 points in the second half, but even the 28 points by Erica Wheeler were not enough to take over the lead.
Gonzaga won, 86–73.
Miami played without one of their top players, Riquna Williams, not present as a result of violating a team rule, but Shenise Johnson scored 20 points to help lead the team to victory over Idaho State.
In addition to her points, Johnson had four steals, which made her only the second player in Division I NCAA history to record at least 2,000 points, 1,000 rebounds, 500 assists and 400 steals in a career.
The only other player to achieve that level is Nancy Lieberman.
The Hurricanes won the game, 70–41.
After winning all but one game in the regular season and conference tournament, Green Bay felt they deserved better than a seven seed.
The Phoenix opened the game playing better than a seven seed, and reached a 19-point lead by halftime.
The Cyclones scored more points than Green Bay in the second half, but it was not enough to overcome that large lead, and Green Bay went on to win, 71–57.
McNeese State entered the tournament as a fifteen seed, knowing that a fifteen seed had never beaten a two seed in the women's tournament, and remembering that they lost in the opening round in the prior year by 40 points.
Despite that, the Cowgirls were only down by three points at the half, and were within six points very late in the game, but could not complete the upset.
Kentucky held on to win, 68–62.
UTEP took more shots at the basket than Penn State, made a higher percentage of their shots, had a higher free throw percentage, out rebounded the Lady Lions by nine, had more assists and steals, yet did not outperform their opponents in the most important statistic: points.
Penn State was behind much of the first half, and tied at halftime, but took a lead in the second half and ended up winning 85–77.
San Diego State was tied at halftime against LSU, then went on a 7–0 run to take a seven-point lead, but could not hold on to the lead.
The Tigers came back, and pulled to an eight-point lead, which matched the final margin of the game, 64–56.
Gonzaga was seeded eleventh, despite making it to the Elite Eight in 2011, possibly because Vandersloot had graduated.
They still managed two upset wins to advance to the sweet sixteen.
This time, they defeated Miami, holding the Hurricanes to under 33% shooting.
Home floor and home fans may not have hurt either, as they beat Miami 65–54.
Kentucky pulled out to a 17-point lead at halftime against Green Bay, but managed to give up the entire lead in the second half.
Turnovers plagued both teams, with 24 committed by the Phoenix and 34 by the Wildcats.
Kentucky shot over 50% from the field, which helped to overcome the turnovers.
Green Bay pulled ahead by one point with just under two minutes to play, but Kentucky responded with a basket, and Green Bay's final shot missed everything.
After Connecticut scored the first basket of the game, Kansas State responded with a three-pointer taking a 3–2 lead.
It would be their last point for over eleven minutes, and their last lead of the game.
UConn played a game described as "nearly...flawless defensive game".
The Wildcats scored just before halftime to increase their point total to ten, narrowly missing a tie for fewest points in the first half of an NCAA tournament game.
They would not be so fortunate in avoiding the complete game record, set by Southern when they scored only 27 points in a game.
The Kansas State team reached 26 points with almost three minutes left to play, but would not score again.
The Huskies won 72–26.
Even though Penn State started the game on a 9–0 run, the game against LSU game was close through much of the game, with a tie score ten different times.
LSU was playing on their home floor, and managed a slim, one-point led at halftime.
Their lead was as much as six points in the second half, but the Lady Lion's Maggie Lucas hit five of seven three-pointers, as part of a 30-point scoring effort, to help lead Penn State to a ten-point margin over LSU.
Gonzaga's Kayla Standish would score 25 points to be the high scorer in their game against Kentucky, but the threes of Kentucky, including five by Keyla Snowden, helped Kentucky win.
The Wildcats hit 57% of their three-point attempts, almost as high as their (59%) free throw shooting.
Kentucky would lead the game the entire way, winning 79–62.
Penn State's Alex Bentley was asked about UConn after their win over Kansas State, and she said "I don't think [the Huskies] played against a real, true scoring team".
UConn held the two guards, Bentley and Lucas to seven made shots on 31 attempts.
In one notable sequence, Kelly Faris leaped to block a three-point attempt by Lucas.
Caroline Doty grabbed the ball, and, with her back to her own basket and closely covered, leapt and spun to heave the ball to a streaking Faris, who had to be fouled hard to prevent a score.
Bria Hartley would lead all scorers with 20 points, while Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis had a double-double in points and rebounds off the bench.
The game was the 100th NCAA Tournament game in UConn history.
UConn has a record of 84–16 in NCAA Tournament games.
Connecticut opened with a 9–0 run, but Kentucky did not quit, and responded, first closing the gap, then taking a small lead.
When the Wildcats hit two free throws with 2.1 seconds in the first half to make the score 39 all, it looked like the score would be tied at halftime, but Tiffany Hayes hit a streaking Kelly Faris who put in a shot at the halftime buzzer to take a two-point lead.
In the second half, the Huskies expanded the margin to 20 points, then ended with a 15-point victory, 80–65, to propel the UConn team to their fifth consecutive Final Four, tying an NCAA record.
In the first semi-final game of the evening, UConn faced Notre Dame for the fourth time this season.
Notre Dame prevailed in the two regular season games, one of which went to overtime, while UConn won the match-up in the Big East Tournament Finals.
The Huskies scored first, but Notre Dame quickly responded with seven straight points.
The game was close through most of the first half, with UConn holding on to a small three-point halftime lead.
The Irish scored the first five points of the second half to take the lead, and would hold on to a slim lead for much of the rest of the half.
With under three minutes left in the half, Notre Dame had a six-point lead, but UConn managed to come back and took a two-point lead with eleven seconds left, but Notre Dame responded to force overtime.
Although UConn started the overtime period with a three-point basket, the Irish responded with three-point baskets, one  by Diggins, then two by Mallory, to put the game out of reach.
The final score in favor of Notre Dame was 83-75.
In the second semi-final, Baylor faced Stanford.
Baylor had played, and beaten the other two Final Four participants, but had not played against the Cardinal.
The Stanford team was playing in their fifth consecutive Final Four.
Stanford's coach, Tara VanDerveer was faced with the challenge of stopping a team with outside and inside threats.
The inside threat,  Brittney Griner, would be named (the following day) the winner of three  national player of the year awards, the Naismith,  the Wade Trophy and the WBCA defensive player of the year.
VanDerveer chose to emphasize defense on Griner and it had some success, as Griner was limited to seven points in the first half, and the outside shooters did not take advantage.
The Cardinal were down at the half, but by only two points.
Stanford's Nneka Ogwumike would be the leading scorer for the game, with 22 points, but she was the only double-digit scorer for the Cardinal, while Baylor had three players in double digits.
Baylor would go on to the national championship game with a 59–47 victory.
All first- and second-round games aired on ESPN2.
ESPN had US television rights to all games during the tournament.
For the first and second round, ESPN aired select games nationally on ESPN or ESPNU.
All other games were aired regionally on ESPN or ESPN2 and streamed online via ESPN3.
Most of the nation got whip-a-round coverage during this time, which allowed ESPN to rotate between the games and focus the nation on the one that was the closest.
The regional semifinals were split between ESPN and ESPN2, and ESPN aired the regional finals, national semifinals, and championship match.
The four teams played a round-robin.
The winner advanced to the World Cup.
New Zealand's White was handed the golden boot for scoring eight goals.
New Zealand’s Erin Naylor received the golden gloves as best goalkeeper of the tournament.
The golden ball for best player was handed to New Zealand's Kate Loye .
New Caledonia received the Fair Play Award.
Following the result of the election, Crocetta was elected as president of Sicily, which turned out to be surprising in what was considered the strongest conservative stronghold of Italy.
As he did not have a full majority in the Sicilian assembly, Crocetta decided to form a minority government with the support of the Five Star Movement in a number of shared legislative acts.
Đồng Tâm Long An were relegated to the 2012 Vietnamese First Division after finishing the 2011 season in the bottom two after a season of upheaval and numerous coaches hired and fired.
It was a far fall from grace for the two time champions.
Hà Nội ACB were also relegated after finishing bottom, but later merged with Hòa Phát Hà Nội to retain their place in the top flight.
They were also renamed to Hà Nội.
They were replaced by Vietnamese First Division champions Sài Gòn Xuân Thành who were renamed to Sàigòn for the start of the campaign and then renamed back during mid season.
and runners up Kienlongbank Kiên Giang.
Kiên Giang are based in the southern city of Rạch Giá.
Lê Huỳnh Đức (SHB Đà Nẵng)
Alexander Prent (SHB Đà Nẵng)
Võ Quang Vinh
The teams are listed as follows:
All times listed in Central Europe Time (UTC+1).
Select Lady Demon basketball games can be listened to with a Northwestern feed at Demons Showcase.
Many opponents have an audio stream available to listen to the games live that aren't done on Demons Showcase.
NSU TV will also broadcast most of the Lady Demons wins tape delayed.
In the qualifying phase and play-off round, each tie was played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home.
The team that scored more goals on aggregate over the two legs advanced to the next round.
If the aggregate score was level, the away goals rule was applied, i.e., the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs advanced.
If away goals were also equal, then thirty minutes of extra time was played.
The away goals rule was again applied after extra time, i.e., if there were goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score was still level, the visiting team advanced by virtue of more away goals scored.
If no goals were scored during extra time, the tie was decided by penalty shoot-out.
In the draws for each round, teams were seeded based on their UEFA club coefficients at the beginning of the season, with the teams divided into seeded and unseeded pots.
A seeded team was drawn against an unseeded team, with the order of legs in each tie decided randomly.
Due to the limited time between matches, the draws for the second and third qualifying rounds took place before the results of the previous round were known.
For these draws (or in any cases where the result of a tie in the previous round was not known at the time of the draw), the seeding was carried out under the assumption that the team with the higher coefficient of an undecided tie advanced to this round, which means if the team with the lower coefficient was to advance, it simply took the seeding of its defeated opponent.
Prior to the draws, UEFA may form "groups" in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, but they were purely for convenience of the draw and for ensuring that teams from the same association were not drawn against each other, and did not resemble any real groupings in the sense of the competition.
Source:
Source:
Pocono Raceway is a three-turn superspeedway that is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long.
The track's turns are banked differently; the first is banked at 14°, the second turn at 8° and the final turn with 6°.
However, each of the three straightaways are banked at 2°.
The front stretch at Pocono Raceway is 3,740 feet long, the longest at the track.
The back stretch, is 3,055 feet long, while the short stretch, which connects turn two with turn three, is only 1,780 feet long.
Jeff Gordon was the defending race winner after winning the race in 2012.
Before the race, Jimmie Johnson was leading the Drivers' Championship with 740 points, while Clint Bowyer stood in second with 665 points.
Carl Edwards followed in the third with 655, seven points ahead of Kevin Harvick and 39 ahead of Dale Earnhardt, Jr. in fourth and fifth.
Matt Kenseth, with 615 points, was in sixth; five ahead of Kyle Busch, who was scored seventh.
Eighth-placed Greg Biffle was one point ahead of Kasey Kahne and six ahead of Gordon in ninth and tenth.
In the Manufacturers' Championship, Chevrolet was leading with 143 points, twelve points ahead of Toyota.
Ford was third after recording only 99 points before the race.
Three practice sessions are scheduled to be held before the race.
The first session, scheduled on August 2, 2013, was 90 minutes long.
The second and third, held a day later on August 3, 2013, will last 50 minutes each.
In the first practice session, Kurt Busch was the quickest with a best lap time of 50.600 seconds.
Kyle Busch followed in second, ahead of Greg Biffle and Jeff Burton in third and fourth.
Joey Logano was scored fifth quickest with a best lap time of 50.929, 329 thousandths of a second slower than Kurt Busch.
Kahne, Marcos Ambrose, Ryan Newman, Denny Hamlin, and Edwards completed the top-ten.
During the qualifying session, Johnson, whose car was late to the qualifying grid, recorded his thirty-first career pole position, and set a new track record with a lap time of 49.819 seconds and a speed of 180.654 mph (290.734 km/h).
Kyle Busch, who completed his lap in 49.823 seconds, will start alongside Johnson on the grid, in front of Edwards, Newman, and Kurt Busch.
Logano, with a lap time of 50.111 seconds, was scored sixth ahead of Biffle  and Ambrose in seventh and eighth.
Hamlin and Aric Almirola completed the first ten grid positions with lap times of 28.162 and 28.191.
After the session concluded, Johnson explained why his car was late to the qualifying grid, "We had a left rear toe (tire angle) was off by a thousandth of an inch.
The system is pass-fail... a thousandth of an inch.
I'm glad we got it sorted out."
Before the race, NASCAR decided that there would be a competition caution on lap 20 because of Saturday practice being washed out.
Jimmie Johnson led the field to the green flag, but the field had only gotten through the first turn when the first caution came out for a crash, as Juan Pablo Montoya washed up the track into Ricky Stenhouse, Jr., causing Stenhouse to spin out.
Matt Kenseth was also collected.
Montoya would finish three laps down in 28th, Kenseth would finish in 22nd on the lead lap, and Stenhouse would end up in 34th place, 46 laps down.
The race restarted on lap 5, with Johnson still leading.
On lap 16, the second caution of the race came out when Denny Hamlin spun and hit the wall in turn 3.
Hamlin would ultimately be credited with a last place finish.
Due to its proximity to lap 20, NASCAR declared this to be the competition caution.
On the restart, Johnson continued to lead, and led until lap 33 when he pitted for a green flag pit stop, handing the lead to Brad Keselowski.
A cycle of green flag pit stops was carried out over the next fifteen laps.
Due to some cars staying out on the previous caution, the lead changed several times between lap 33 and lap 48.
Keselowski led one lap before pitting.
Kurt Busch then led seven laps before pitting.
Dale Earnhardt, Jr., Matt Kenseth and Jamie McMurray then each stayed out to lead a lap before pitting, which cycled the lead back to Johnson on lap 48.
On lap 53, the third caution came out when David Gilliland cut a right-front tire in the Tunnel Turn and hit the outside wall.
Johnson and most of the leaders pitted under the caution.
Ultimately, Johnson had a slow pit stop and ended up restarting in the middle of the pack.
At the restart on lap 58, Keselowski led the field to the green flag.
He led for four laps before a fast-charging Kasey Kahne managed to overtake him.
Kahne led for ten laps before taking a green flag pit stop (he and Keselowski were on an off-sequence strategy).
Ryan Newman held the lead for two laps before pitting, which handed the lead to Johnson.
Johnson led until lap 75, when he pitted, giving the lead to Tony Stewart.
On lap 78, the fourth caution flag came out when Johnson cut a right front tire coming off the first turn and slapped the outside wall.
This damaged his car significantly, and he stayed at the back of the lead lap for most of the remainder of the race, until his crew discovered that a spark plug had been knocked loose.
Once this problem had been fixed, he rallied back to a 13th-place finish.
Kahne reassumed the lead under caution.
At the restart on lap 82, Kahne and Keselowski were again at the front of the field.
Over the next 13 laps, the two drivers exchanged the lead several times, until the fifth caution came out on lap 96 when David Stremme cut a right front tire in turn 1.
Most of the leaders pitted under this caution, but Martin Truex, Jr. stayed out and assumed the lead for the restart on lap 100.
He then led the next three laps.
On lap 104, the sixth caution came out when Aric Almirola cut a left rear tire and spun in turn 3 after contact with Timmy Hill.
Kahne reassumed the lead under caution and continued to lead at the restart on lap 107.
On lap 110, the seventh caution flag came out for a four car accident at the Tunnel Turn exit.
Danica Patrick was racing Travis Kvapil for 17th place when the two made contact and both cars got loose and spun.
Kvapail was able to save his car, but Danica ended up being hit by Paul Menard and Jeff Burton.
The race restarted on lap 116 with Kahne still leading.
Kahne continued to lead until a set of green flag pit stops on lap 130.
As Kahne  pitted, Kurt Busch assumed the lead for two laps before pitting, handing the lead to Almirola for lap 132.
Almirola led that lap, then Dave Blaney assumed the lead for three laps before pitting on lap 135.
David Ragan then held the lead for one lap before the lead cycled back to Kahne.
With 15 laps to go, three of the four Hendrick Motorsports cars were leading the field, with Kahne leading Gordon and Earnhardt, Jr.
The top five (the three Hendrick cars, plus Newman and Kurt Busch) were Chevrolets.
Kahne was able to use lapped traffic to build up a 7.5 second lead on Gordon.
This continued until lap 150, when the eighth caution came out for debris, erasing Kahne's lead on Gordon.
Kahne restarted on the outside lane on lap 153.
Kahne held the lead until Gordon overtook him in the Tunnel Turn.
Gordon appeared to be on his way to his first victory of the season, but on lap 156, his lead was erased when Matt Kenseth spun in the Tunnel Turn.
On the last restart on lap 158, Gordon restarted on the inside and Kahne restarted on the outside.
Gordon got a jump on the restart ahead of Kahne and Newman.
Kahne caught up to Gordon and the two cars raced side-by-side down the Long Pond straightaway.
Kahne cleared Gordon in the Tunnel Turn and assumed the lead at the white flag.
He then held off Gordon and Kurt Busch over the last lap to win his second race of the season and his second Pocono race win.
Newman finished fourth, and Earnhardt, Jr. finished fifth.
Keselowski finished sixth, the highest non-Chevrolet finisher in the field.
Joey Logano finished seventh, Kyle Busch finished eighth, while Stewart and Greg Biffle rounded out the top ten.
The teams were divided into pools of four teams, who played a round-robin within the pool.
Points were awarded in each pool on a different schedule from most rugby tournaments—3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
The top two teams in each pool advanced to the Cup competition.
The four quarterfinal losers dropped into the bracket for the Plate.
The Bowl was contested by the third- and fourth-place finishers in each pool, with the losers in the Bowl quarterfinals dropping into the bracket for the Shield.
The Ragin' Cajuns accepted their invitation after earning an 8–3 record in their first eleven games of the season, going on to finish at 8–4 (5–2 Sun Belt).
The Green Wave had a regular season record of 7–5 (5–3 C-USA).
Despite the Superdome being the Green Wave's home venue, the Ragin' Cajuns are set to be the designated home team, as they are from the Sun Belt Conference.
2013 was the Green Wave's most successful season in over a decade, finishing at 7–5 overall and 5–3 in Conference USA.
At the season's conclusion, bowl director Billy Ferrante extended an invitation to play in the game.
This will be the Green Wave's first New Orleans Bowl, as well as their first bowl game of any kind since the 2002 Hawaii Bowl, which saw them defeat the Hawaii Warriors by a score of 36–28 at Aloha Stadium.
It will also be the Green Wave's final game as a member of Conference USA before moving to the American Athletic Conference for 2014, as well as their final game in the Superdome before moving to the on-campus Yulman Stadium for 2014.
Second-year head coach Curtis Johnson led the Green Wave into the game with a statistically lackluster offense that ranked near the bottom of the Football Bowl Subdivision in passing yards, averaging only 176.1 per game, rushing yards, averaging only 128.1 per game, and points scored, averaging only 25.1 per game.
Their mediocre passing game was led by Nick Montana, the son of NFL-great Joe Montana, who played his redshirt freshman and freshman season at University of Washington and his sophomore season at Mt.
San Antonio College before transferring to Tulane, at which he was named the team's starter over Devin Powell, who played during the season when Montana sustained a separated right shoulder in October, prior to the season's first game.
The two-pronged rushing game included senior running back Orleans Darkwa, who rushed for 780 yards and 9 touchdowns during the regular season, and junior running back Rob Kelley, who rushed for 422 yards and 3 touchdowns during the regular season.
Ryan Grant, who was on the preseason Biletnikoff Award watchlist, saw his 2013 season numbers decline from 2012, but still managed to record 70 receptions, 926 yards, and 9 touchdowns, highlighted by a 14-reception, 187-yard, 2-touchdown performance in the Green Wave's second game, a loss at the hands of  South Alabama.
Other prominent receivers included junior wideout Justyn Shackleford (34 regular season receptions), and sophomore wideout Xavier Rush, freshman wideout Kedrick Banks, and Kelley, the latter three of whom each recorded 17 regular season receptions.
Sophomore tight end Sydie London was not much of a threat in the passing game (12 receptions in 12 games), but he was one of just two tight ends on the roster, so was almost a starter by default, though at one spring practice, did impress New Orleans Saints wide receiver Marques Colston, who thought he was one of the best players on the team.
Tulane's offensive line was a much maligned group throughout the season.
By the end of the season, they were ravaged by injury, and hindered both the running and passing games.
The 2012 winner of the Lou Groza Award, senior kicker Cairo Santos, handled the kicking for the Green Wave, but regressed from being a perfect 21/21 to going 16/22, though he did have a long of 56 yards.
Tulane's defense, which featured a 3–4 defensive scheme, fared better during the regular season than the offense.
They ranked 22nd in the nation in scoring defense, surrendering only 21.2 points per game.
They allowed 354.3 yards per game; of that 234.3 was in the passing game and 120 in the running game.
The defensive line was anchored by Royce LaFrance, who recorded 6.5 sacks, tied for third in Conference USA.
The other defensive end slot was occupied by Julius Warmsley, who recorded 41 tackles, and 4 sacks.
The duo helped provide consistent pressure on opposing quarterbacks.
Supplementing the ends' pass rush was reserve end Tyler Gilbert, who added three sacks.
Augmenting the defensive ends was defensive tackle Chris Davenport (15 tackles, 1.5 sacks), who transferred from LSU prior to the season.
Tulane also had a veteran core of linebackers, comprising seniors Zach Davis, who led the corps with 78 tackles, Darryl Farley, who recorded 62 tackles, as well as contributors senior Kyle Davis, freshman Nico Marley, and junior Taylor Bullock.
The defensive backs also contributed to the team's defensive success, with Lorenzo Doss recording seven interceptions, tied for the best in the conference.
Safety Darion Monroe led the entire defense in tackles, with 96; he also recovered three fumbles during the season.
Derrick Strozier and Jordan Sullen also contributed at cornerback, recording two interceptions apiece, as did Ryan Travis, who was fourth on the team with 53 tackles.
Jordan Batiste played a roving position in the secondary, but was a major contributor, as were Sam Scofield, a cornerback, and Shakiel Smith, a safety.
The Ragin' Cajuns continued their recent winning ways in 2013, clinching at least a share of the Sun Belt Conference championship once again with a 5–1 conference and an 8–3 overall record.
After losing to the Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks for only the team's third loss of the season (and first in-conference), bowl director Billy Ferrante extended an invitation to play in the game.
This will be the Ragin' Cajuns third consecutive New Orleans Bowl, having won the previous two; the first being in 2011 where they defeated the San Diego State Aztecs by a score of 32–30, and the second being in 2012 where they defeated the East Carolina Pirates by a score of 43–34.
The Ragin' Cajuns are only the second team to play in three consecutive New Orleans Bowls, joining the North Texas Mean Green who participated in the first four editions of the game, finishing with a 1–3 record.
The Ragin' Cajuns began their season on a two-game losing streak, then won eight consecutive games, and then lost their final two.
The Ragin' Cajuns' spread offense attack was coordinated by Jay Johnson.
Junior Terrance Broadway played quarterback, and finished the regular season fifth in the Sun Belt in passing yards with 2276, third in passing touchdowns with 19, and led the conference with a 157.0 passer rating.
Late in the season, Broadway broke his right throwing arm, and subsequently underwent surgery, however coach Mark Hudspeth was "optimistic" he would return for the bowl game.
Freshman Brooks Haack was the backup.
A pair of backs led a "solid running back tandem" that Ragin' Cajuns' rushing attack – junior Alonzo Harris and freshman Elijah McGuire each exceeded 800 rushing yards, however McGuire did so averaging 8.9 yards per carry, whereas Harris averaged 4.7 yards per carry (Harris had 186 carries to McGuire's 92).
Broadway also contributed to the rushing attack, attaining 421 yards on 117 carries.
Harris had 13 touchdowns, McGuire had 7, and Broadway had 8.
A trio of wide receivers anchored the Louisiana-Lafayette receiving game.
6 feet 4 inches (1.93 m) junior Jamal Robinson was by far Broadway's favorite target, leading the team with 50 receptions, 812 yards, and 8 touchdowns, senior Darryl Surgent was second on the team with 29 receptions, 398 yards, and 5 touchdowns, and junior James Butler was third on the team 26 receptions and 363 yards, however he had only one touchdown.
Senior Jacob Maxwell started at tight end, and reeled in 12 passes for 158 yards and 2 touchdowns on the season.
McGuire and fellow running back sophomore Effrem Reed also contributed in the receiving game.
Junior college transfer Stephen Brauchle, who began his college career at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College, teamed with walk-on holder Jake Guidry to handle the kicking duties for the Ragin' Cajuns; he made 8 of 13 field goal attempts with a long of 38 yards, and was 51 of 53 on extra point attempts.
The offensive line was composed of brothers Daniel and Mykhael Quave, who started at right guard and left tackle respectively (Mykhael transitioned to tackle after playing at guard his freshman season), senior center Andre Huval, sophomore right tackle Octravian Anderson, and junior left guard Terry Johnson.
The Ragin' Cajuns defense, led by new coordinator James Willis, was led by one of "the league's best linebackers", Justin Anderson, who recorded a team-leading 123 total tackles, and 10 TFL, second on the team.
Joining him in the linebacking corps was undersized (5 feet 11 inches (1.80 m) 188 pounds (85 kg)) sophomore Chris Hill, whose 37 tackles were eighth on the team, but who sustained an injury late in the season and was questionable for the bowl game, junior Darius Barksdale, who played in only seven games, and recorded 28 total tackles, sophomore Dominque Tovell, who though listed as a defensive end, played linebacker, and finished second on the team with 64 tackles, and led the team with 12 TFL.
Much to his shock, even freshman safety Al Riles saw time at linebacker due to injury depletion by the end of the season.
On the defensive line, junior Justin Hamilton started at nose tackle, and totaled 37 tackles, 8 TFL, and 3 sacks, junior Christian Ringo was the predominant starter at defensive end, totaling 15 tackles, 2 TFL, and 1 sack, and senior defensive tackle Brandon McCray, who totaled 13 tackles and 2 TFL.
In the secondary, Trevence Patt achieved second team all-conference recognition, totaling 41 tackles.
Other starters included Corey Trim, T. J.
Worthy, and Sean Thomas.
Tulane received the opening kickoff, and went three-and-out.
Louisiana-Lafayette (ULL) took the field with Terrance Broadway at quarterback (there was question due to his injury as to whether he would start), however they rotated him with Jalen Nixon, but it was Broadway who was in the game when Elijah McGuire rushed for a 27-yard touchdown, ruled such after video review.
After Nick Montana started the first drive, redshirt freshman Devin Powell entered the game on Tulane's second drive, but failed to have any success, for another three-and-out.
Tulane's defense got a stop on their next drive, highlighted by Nico Marley (grandson of Bob Marley) recording a tackle for loss on third and short, forcing a punt.
Montana returned for Tulane on their next drive, during which they achieved their first first down of the game.
However, later in the drive, on an end around wide receiver pass, Ryan Grant's pass intended for Justyn Shackleford was intercepted, setting up the Ragin Cajuns for an offensive drive during which they drove down the field, taking advantage of a personal foul late hit that put them in the red zone and subsequently allowed Alonzo Harris to rush for a 15-yard touchdown, the final score of the first quarter.
Early in the second quarter, while in the red zone, Montana threw an interception to Corey Trim, who returned it for an 82-yard touchdown, giving ULL a 21–0 lead.
Devin Powell subsequently replaced Montana.
After each team went three-and-out, Tulane scored its first points, a 1-yard touchdown run by Orleans Darkwa that culminated a 9-play, 71 yard drive that encapsulated 4:43.
ULL got the ball back, however Broadway threw an interception, setting up Tulane.
On their first play, Powell threw a 49-yard pass to Ryan Grant who, amidst double coverage and despite a pass interference penalty, leaped and made the catch.
After a pass interference penalty, Darkwa ran for a 7-yard touchdown, pulling the Green Wave within seven points.
Not wanting to turn the ball over, the Ragin' Cajuns rushed on each play of their drive to get into the half, at which the score was 21–14, Louisiana-Lafayette.
The teams exchanged punts to start the half.
On Louisiana-Lafayette's second drive, Tulane lost tackle Chris Davenport and cornerback Lorenzo Doss to injury; both went to the locker room.
Nevertheless, Tulane's defense forced another punt, but their offense failed to capitalize, burning a timeout, and punting back to the Ragin' Cajuns.
Tulane's defense sustained another injury on ULL's next drive; senior defensive back Jordan Sullen was carted off the field  after being kicked in the head during the course of the run on a screen pass that converted a second-and-long; he left the field on a backboard, however he stood up and hobbled to the backboard, thus alleviating concern of paralysis, which had happened to Tulane the previous season.
Sullen was transported to Tulane Medical Center as a precaution, however was expected to make a full recovery.
Meanwhile, Doss returned to the game, and on the next play, Broadway threw an interception to cornerback Derrick Strozier, setting up Tulane in the red zone; they scored via a Darkwa touchdown run on the first play of their ensuing drive, tying the game at 21.
ULL again failed to execute offensively, and went three-and-out.
At the end of the third quarter, the game was tied at 21.
Louisiana-Lafayette stopped Tulane's offensive momentum early in the quarter, forcing a punt.
On ULL's ensuing drive, they were faced with a third down a six, and threw an incomplete pass, however a pass interference call gave them a first down, which energized the Ragin' Cajuns temporarily, but they ultimately punted, pinning Tulane inside the five yard line, from which, while under pressure, Powell threw the ball up in the air, and it was intercepted, setting ULL up with excellent field position, particularly when they went half the distance to the goal after a dead ball personal foul penalty on Tulane.
ULL had an opportunity to score a touchdown, however after Broadway slipped during a run while in the open field on third down, ultimately going down due to cramps, and forcing Hunter Stover, a linebacker turned place kicker, attempted his first-ever college field goal, a 27-yard kick that he made, stopping Tulane's streak of 21 unanswered points.
Tulane subsequently took the field and converted a first down, and failed to convert a third down at the 40-yard line, after which they decided to punt rather than test Santos's field goal range.
Jalen Nixon took the field at quarterback on ULL's drive after Broadway went to the locker room for fluids.
On back-to-back runs, Harris rushed for a first down, and then Nixon rushed for a first down, giving the Ragin' Cajuns momentum prior to beginning to try to work the clock.
Faced with a third and ten and under duress, Nixon found an open receiver to convert the third down.
Later in the drive, Strozier went down due to cramps, exiting the game.
With 1:42, ULL  was forced to punt after Scofield made an open field tackle to keep ULL out of field goal range, after which coach Curtis Johnson called timeout.
Tulane got the ball at the five-yard line with 1:35 and one timeout to try to start a drive to tie or win the game, however after Powell threw two incomplete passes at the ground, they were faced with a third and long; Powell escaped pressure in the end zone, and ultimately threw the ball up in the air and Shackleford reeled it in for a first down out to around the 40-yard line.
Two plays later, Powell threw a 27-yard pass to Grant, putting Tulane in Santos's field goal range.
With 24 seconds and a timeout, Tulane had the ball at the 25-yard line, but Powell took a sack at the 31-yard line, forcing Tulane to burn their final timeout with 13 seconds left.
Santos subsequently came out to try a 48-yard field goal, but ULL tried to ice him by calling a timeout; after the timeout, Santos missed the field goal wide, winning the game for ULL.
Brownsville began the season with a road defeat by the Monterrey Flash before a home opening win against Saltillo Rancho Seco.
The team then lost 8 consecutive games before an overtime win at home against Saltillo.
Another 6 losses (3 each to the Dallas Sidekicks and Oxford City FC of Texas) preceded a win in Brownsville's final home game against Saltillo.
Splitting a road series in Saltillo to end the season, Brownsville ended with a 4–16 record and 4th place in the Southern Division.
All 4 of Brownsville's wins came at the expense of Saltillo.
Team owner Oscar Ruvalcaba started laying the groundwork for this team in 2001 when he began developing the Barracudas Sports Complex to add more soccer fields in his community.
The complex opened in 2004 and began hosting several games each week.
Barracudas FC organized as an amateur club that same year and, a decade later, the complex hosts almost 200 teams playing 7-on-7 soccer each week.
In May 2014, Ruvalcaba secured an expansion franchise in the new Major Arena Soccer League and began construction of a 2,000-seat open-air soccer arena.
In May 2014, the Professional Arena Soccer League added six refugee teams from the failed third incarnation of the Major Indoor Soccer League and reorganized as the Major Arena Soccer League.
The 2014–15 MASL season will be 20 games long, 4 more than the 16 regular season games of recent PASL seasons.
Brownsville joins the league in the new Southern division.
The other Southern teams for 2014–15 are the Dallas Sidekicks, Hidalgo La Fiera, Monterrey Flash, Saltillo Rancho Seco, and Beaumont-based Oxford City FC of Texas.
The Barracudas publicly displayed their new MASL uniforms for the first time on October 18 in the food court at Sunrise Mall in Brownsville.
The new uniforms, manufactured by Pirma, use the same colors as the team has worn since its founding as an amateur club in 2004.
Brownsville's home uniforms are light blue with white sides and the away uniforms are white with a blue collar.
 Win Loss Postponed
The Brownsville Herald declared the debut of the Barracudas franchise as one of the Brownsville metro area's best sports stories of 2014.
Brownsville's Moises Gonzalez earned honorable mention for the league's all-rookie team for 2014-15.
On July 18, the Bulls signed 13-year veteran Pau Gasol and  Real Madrid player Nikola Mirotić.
Gasol received a three-year, $22 million deal, while Mirotić's contract was reported to be a three-year, $16.6 million deal.
Then, on July 21, Kirk Hinrich was re-signed, whose contract was a two-year, $5.5 million deal.
The next day, Aaron Brooks signed with the Bulls.
On September 18, the Bulls signed E'Twaun Moore.
Nazr Mohammed was re-signed on September 22.
The Bulls finalized its training camp roster with the additions of Kim English, Ben Hansbrough, and Solomon Jones on September 26.
On June 26, the Bulls acquired the draft rights to McDermott, the 11th pick in the NBA draft, and Anthony Randolph from the Nuggets, who received the draft rights of Jusuf Nurkić and Gary Harris, as well as a 2015 second-round draft pick.
In a trade with the Orlando Magic on July 14, the Bulls gained the draft rights to Milovan Raković, while Randolph, 2015 and 2016 second-round draft picks, and cash considerations were sent to the Magic.
On the same day, the Bulls acquired the draft rights to Tadija Dragićević from the Dallas Mavericks, who received Greg Smith.
On June 21, Tornike Shengelia, an unrestricted free agent, went overseas, signing with Saski Baskonia.
D. J. Augustin signed a contract with the Detroit Pistons on July 15.
On the same day, the Bulls waived Lou Amundson, Ronnie Brewer, and Mike James.
The Bulls then waived 12-year veteran and two-time NBA All-Star Carlos Boozer on July 17.
On July 24, Jimmer Fredette signed with the New Orleans Pelicans.
After having an arthroscopic left knee surgery, Joakim Noah reported that he was "doing well" in rehabilitation on June 27.
On August 8, Guy Rodgers, who spent one season with the Bulls, was posthumously inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Ronald Dupree, who played for the 2003–04 Chicago Bulls, announced his retirement on September 8.
Additionally, Caldwell Jones, who played for the 1984–85 Chicago Bulls, died on September 21.
It was announced on July 22 that Jimmy Butler and McDermott would play on the 2014 U.S.
Select Team.
The Bulls' team captain Derrick Rose participated in the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup representing the United States men's national basketball team; head coach Tom Thibodeau was also part of the team as an assistant coach.
Gasol, another Bulls' player, played for the Spain national basketball team in the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
Bairstow also played in the World Cup, competing for the Australia national basketball team.
On September 14, Gasol was named to the All-Tournament Team.
On August 11, the Bulls released the 2014–15 preseason schedule for the team.
Chicago's 2014–15 regular season schedule was released on August 13.
On September 12, the Bulls opened a new training facility called the Advocate Center next to the United Center, replacing the Berto Center in Deerfield, Illinois.
Noah threw out the ceremonial first pitch at a Chicago White Sox game on September 11.
The White Sox dubbed their September 13 game vs. the Minnesota Twins as "Bulls Night", welcoming Bulls fans to the ballpark.
On September 17, Noah also threw out the first pitch at a Chicago Cubs game.
On September 23, Rose donated $1 million to After School Matters, a non-profit organization based in Chicago.
The Bulls began selling tickets to the public on September 26.
On September 28, Brooks threw out the ceremonial first pitch before a White Sox game against the Kansas City Royals.
On September 15, the Bulls released their training camp schedule.
There were ten practice sessions from September 30 to October 5.
Training camp began for the Bulls on September 29 with Media Day at their new Advocate Center.
In a scrimmage on September 30, Rose, Butler, Mike Dunleavy, Jr., Gasol, and Noah were selected as starters.
On October 1, Thibodeau said to reporters that he believed that Mirotić was impressive, and Noah called him a "secret weapon".
After receiving a day off, training camp resumed on October 4, Rose's birthday, when he was cited for having his best practice of the season.
Meanwhile, Dunleavy helped rookie McDermott fix issues of staying inbounds for corner 3-pointers.
Commenting on the team's two rookies, Thibodeau said, "[McDermott] and [Mirotic] have done a good job."
Furthermore, Noah said that he would wear a knee brace on his left knee which was surgically repaired during the offseason.
On October 5, Rose commented that the Bulls are "a dangerous team."
In an ESPN power ranking, Chicago was rated number three behind the Cleveland Cavaliers (number two) and the San Antonio Spurs (number one).
Following the NBA draft, Bleacher Report gave the Bulls a "B".
Additionally, USA Today would give a slightly better grade with a "B+".
In regard to the McDermott acquisition, James Tillman of HoopsHabit.com assessed a "B" grade to the team.
Yahoo!
Sports graded the Bulls performance at the draft a "C+".
Sporting News assessed a "C" to Chicago.
SB Nation graded the first-round draft picks with three categories: upside, fit, and immediate impact.
The Bulls' McDermott was assessed a "C" in upside, "A" in fit, and "A" in immediate impact."
CSN Houston assessed an "A+", calling the McDermott pick a steal.
The Cincinnati Enquirer gave two "B+" grades each for the Bulls' drafting of McDermott and Bairstow.
The Plain Dealer gave Chicago a "B+".
Philly.com gave a "B+" for the Bulls.
CSN New England gave a "B" grade.
In a July 13 report card, Bleacher Report assessed an "A" to Chicago's trade for McDermott, the drafting of Bairstow a "B-", and the signing of Gasol a "A-".
Then, in a HoopsHabit.com August 8 report card, the signing of Gasol was downgraded to a "B+", the McDermott acquisition a "B", the signing of Mirotić a "C+", and the Aaron Brooks signing a "C".
On August 12, Deseret News gave out an overall grade of "A".
Bleacher Report would give position-by-position grades on the Bulls' training camp roster.
At the point guard position, an "A" grade was given.
For the shooting guards, they were rated an above average grade of "B".
However, the small forwards were given a "C+".
The power forwards were given an "A" mostly due to the addition of Gasol.
Lastly, the center position was given a "B+".
In an NBA.com off-season report card, the Bulls were given an "A-" grade.
On October 6, Chicago would begin its preseason in the United Center against the Washington Wizards, the very team that eliminated the Bulls in five games in the first round of the 2014 NBA Playoffs.
In the midst of a 12-game win streak in preseason games, it ended with an 81–85 loss to the Wizards.
At one point in the game, Noah and Wizards' forward Paul Pierce were in a brief scuffle with each other.
The confrontation had occurred after Pierce committed a hard foul on Butler, leading Thibodeau to try to break them up.
The game was televised locally on CSN Chicago.
After the game, Noah and Pierce were fined $15,000 each, and four Wizards players were suspended for one regular season game for leaving the bench.
In the next game, the Bulls met their divisional rival, the Detroit Pistons, at The Palace of Auburn Hills on October 7.
Unfortunately, the Bulls would lose in overtime, being defeated 109–111.
Thibodeau played it safe and sat Noah out of the game against the Pistons.
While the game was televised locally on CSN Chicago, it was also televised nationally on NBA TV.
On October 11, the Bulls' next opponent would be the Milwaukee Bucks at the BMO Harris Bradley Center.
Chicago defeated the Bucks 91–85 for their first victory of the preseason.
Gasol led the way, accumulating a double-double with 20 points and 11 rebounds.
However, Dunleavy would miss the game due to left knee soreness.
The game was televised on WGN and NBA TV.
For the Bulls fourth preseason game, they played the Denver Nuggets at home on October 13.
In the game, Chicago had trailed by as many as 21 points in the second quarter, but to come back to tie the game at the end of the half.
The Bulls would have their way in the second half, outscoring Denver 81–40.
With Butler scoring 21 points, the Bulls defeated the Nuggets in a 110–90 blowout victory.
Dunleavy returned to play with Chicago after missing the previous game.
The game was broadcast on CSN Chicago.
Chicago would start the second half of the preseason playing the Atlanta Hawks on October 16.
The Bulls barely managed to defeat the Hawks by a score of 85–84 after Butler drained a three-point buzzer beater at the end of the game.
Dunleavy would miss his second preseason game after slipping on a wet spot at a practice session the day before.
Instead, McDermott would start for Dunleavy.
The game was televised locally on CSN Chicago.
On October 19, the Bulls played the Charlotte Hornets in what would be Chicago's sixth preseason game.
Despite a dangerous Hornets surge in the fourth quarter, the Bulls were successful in defeating Charlotte by a score of 101–96.
It was aired locally on WGN and nationally on NBA TV.
Following a slipping incident, Dunleavy would return to action once more.
However, Butler would sprain his left thumb in the game.
The next day, Chicago met up with divisional opponent, the Cleveland Cavaliers, who saw the return of LeBron James, and would play at the Schottenstein Center in Columbus, Ohio.
Butler would sit out due to the injury that he sustained the day before.
Even though Rose scored 30 points, the Bulls were not able to defeat the Cavaliers, losing 98–107.
The game was broadcast locally on CSN Chicago and nationally on NBA TV.
In its last preseason game, Chicago played the Minnesota Timberwolves on October 24 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri.
The Bulls would lose by a score of 112–113 after the Timberwolves came back from being down by 13 points.
Butler would miss his second game while recovering from his injury.
The game was televised locally on CSN Chicago.
On October 8, Thibodeau gathered the players for a two-hour practice session on a day that was originally scheduled to be an off-day.
On the same day, Noah purchased a new home in Lincoln Park.
Thibodeau allowed Rose to rest during an October 9 practice session, because he had lower body soreness.
The next day on October 10, Rose would return to practice.
Thibodeau said, "[Rose was] doing well."
In their season opener on October 29, the Bulls defeated the rival New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden.
Winning in a 104–80 blowout, Taj Gibson was the leading scorer with 22 points.
In Week 1 of Scott Howard-Cooper's "Rookie Ladder", Mirotić and McDermott were ranked numbers six and eight respectively.
On October 31, before their Halloween game, the Bulls were unable to deal a new contract with Butler before the deadline, which would make him a restricted free agent during the 2015 off-season.
That night, Chicago's home opener would enter overtime, where the Bulls lost 108–114.
During the game, Gibson faced an injury scare, while Rose left the court in the fourth quarter due to a sprained left ankle.
Entering November having split the first pair of games, Chicago played the Minnesota Timberwolves at Target Center.
After missing two weeks, Butler was expected to miss another two-to-four weeks, but he returned to play against the Timberwolves.
In the last second of the game, the Bulls were down by one when Butler was fouled by Andrew Wiggins and made both free throws to take the lead and win by a score of 106–105.
At the end of the first week of the season, ESPN dropped the Bulls from number three to number five in the power rankings due to Rose's injury.
On November 4, the Bulls took on the Orlando Magic.
Even though Noah missed the game with an illness, Chicago won 98–90 with Butler scoring 21 points.
In their fifth game of the regular season, the Bulls defeated the Milwaukee Bucks at the BMO Harris Bradley Center by a score of 95–86.
While Noah missed his second game, Rose returned from his ankle injury.
Rose's ankle injury would result in the cover of the November 5 edition of the Chicago Sun-Times calling him "Damaged goods".
In the Week 2 version of the Rookie Ladder, Mirotić rose to the fifth rank while McDermott stayed at number eight.
On November 7, with Rose on the inactive list, Dunleavy would lead the way for the Bulls to defeat the Philadelphia 76ers by a score of 118–115 at the Wells Fargo Center.
The next day, Chicago was defeated for the second time in the season, against the Boston Celtics, 101–106.
In the ESPN power rankings, the Bulls fell to the number six rank.
After facing difficulties with his ankles, Rose returned to action on November 10 and helped the Bulls defeat the Detroit Pistons by a score of 102–91.
In the Week 3 edition of the Rookie Ladder, McDermott fell to the number nine rank and Mirotić fell out altogether.
On November 13, Chicago defeated the Toronto Raptors in the Air Canada Centre at the expense of Rose.
He would leave in the fourth quarter because of an injured left hamstring.
In a postgame conference, Noah would defend Rose by saying "everybody needs to chill…out."
Gasol would also defend him, saying "Everyone has [Rose's] back."
On November 14, it was reported by CBS Sports that Rose suffered a mild strain and that an MRI was unnecessary, calling it a day-to-day injury.
The Bulls–Pacers rivalry would continue in Chicago's final home game of the month on November 15, as it was defeated by the injury-stricken Indiana Pacers, even though Butler scored a career-high 32 points.
Chicago would continue to fall in the power rankings, being ranked number seven.
Chicago's circus trip began on November 17.
As put by the Los Angeles Times, the Los Angeles Clippers were "Bull-dozed" when Chicago won by a score of 105–89.
Gasol would not play due to a strained calf and Rose would continue to miss games because of his strained hamstring.
On Week 4 of the Rookie Ladder, McDermott rose to the number seven rank.
In the first game of a back-to-back, the Bulls would be dealt their first loss on the road by the upstart Sacramento Kings on November 20.
The next day, Business Insider called Rose's contract with the Bulls "a nightmare" for the organization, mentioning that he had only played in five of the first 12 games of the season and that he's being paid the most money on the team.
On the second night of a back-to-back, the Bulls lost to the Portland Trail Blazers.
During the game, Dunleavy was called for a Flagrant I when Damian Lillard was attempting to shoot a three-pointer, which resulted in a skirmish and technical fouls being called on Blazer Wesley Matthews and Brooks.
Furthermore, Gibson suffered a sprained ankle in the third quarter and did not come back to the court; Hinrich was out with a chest contusion.
Due to Chicago's continuing struggles, the Bulls declined to the number nine rank of the power rankings.
On November 24, the Bulls defeated the Utah Jazz.
In a report by CBS Sports, it was said that the Bulls were one of seven teams interested in shooting guard Ray Allen, who averaged 9.6 points per game with the Miami Heat in the 2013–14 season.
After a returning Gasol made one-of-two free throws with 3.2 seconds left in the game, Gordon Hayward would miss a three pointer at the end of the game, giving the Bulls a 97–95 win.
Rose would also return for the Bulls, scoring 18 points in the game.
The next day, Chicago lost to the Denver Nuggets by a score of 109–114.
In the game, Hinrich would return from his chest injury to play.
Furthermore, Noah would join Gibson on the injured list as he sat out with a sore left knee and an eye abrasion.
In the first half, Rose would leave the game as issues with his left hamstring resurfaced.
On November 26, Mirotić would return to the Rookie Ladder on Week 5 being ranked number ten while McDermott dropped out.
At TD Garden, the Bulls defeated the Boston Celtics behind Butler's 22 points, winning by a score of 109–102.
Besides Gibson who was still injured, Noah would return to play, accumulating 15 points and 14 rebounds.
On November 30, the Bulls would end its circus trip with a decisive 102–84 victory against the Brooklyn Nets.
Chicago would be led by Butler's 26 points and Gasol's 25 points.
The team would have its second winning record in its circus trip (4–3) since the retirement of Michael Jordan.
With November closing, the Bulls rose by one rank to number eight in the power rankings.
Butler received recognition for his performance in October and November and was named the Eastern Conference Player of the Month.
In its second overtime game of the regular season, Chicago was defeated by the Dallas Mavericks by a score of 129–132.
Unable to play, McDermott would be out with a right knee injury.
However, the Bulls would make up for the loss by winning their league-high tenth road game against the Charlotte Bobcats.
Six weeks in, Mirotić would rise to the eighth rank of the Rookie Ladder.
On December 6, Chicago was defeated by the strong Golden State Warriors, who won their twelfth-straight game.
With the first week of December completed, the Bulls would fall to the tenth rank of the power rankings.
On December 10, the Bulls blew-out the Nets once again by defeating them 105–80.
Moving on through the season, Mirotić rose to the number six rank on the Rookie Ladder.
Led by Rose's 31 points, Chicago would defeat the Portland Trail Blazers to even and close the season series against each other.
In the American Airlines Arena, the Bulls would limit the Miami Heat to 75 points as they defeated them.
At the end of the week, the Bulls would be ranked number seven in the power rankings.
Starting off the third week of December in Philips Arena, the Bulls would lose to the Atlanta Hawks.
In Week 8, Mirotić would continue to rise, being placed in the number four rank.
On December 18, Butler would best his career-high 32 points set the previous month by scoring 35 points in a victory against the New York Knicks.
The next day, Chicago would end the Memphis Grizzlies' six-game winning streak with Butler scoring his fourth 30-point game of the season.
In the power rankings, Chicago would stay put at number seven.
In the fourth week of December, the Bulls would defeat the then-Eastern Conference leader, the Toronto Raptors, by a score of 129–120 at home.
The game featured a 49-point fourth quarter, which was the most points scored by the Bulls in their entire history.
On December 23 at the Verizon Center, the Bulls defeated the Washington Wizards 99–91.
In Week 9 of the Rookie Ladder, Mirotić improved to the third rank.
Playing on Christmas Day, the Bulls would blowout the Los Angeles Lakers, winning by 20 points and winning a season-high five consecutive games.
On December 27, led by a 33-point performance by Butler, Chicago defeated the New Orleans Pelicans, 107–100.
For his performance between December 22 and 28, Jimmy Butler would be named as the Eastern Conference Player of the Week.
Because of their winning streak, the Bulls would rise all the way to number one in the Power Rankings.
Chicago would continue its winning ways by narrowly defeating the Indiana Pacers on December 29.
After winning seven-straight games, the Bulls would fall as Brook Lopez scored a season-high 29 points for the Nets.
After the month of December came to a close, Mirotić was recognized for his performance and received the Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month of December.
Kicking off the year of 2015, the Bulls would set a franchise record by blocking 18 shots against the Nuggets and eventually winning.
In the second game of the year, Gasol would lead the Bulls to an overtime victory against the Celtics with 29 points and 16 rebounds.
With the first week of 2015 over, Chicago would decline to number three in the power rankings.
After a moment of silence for ESPN sportscaster Stuart Scott, who died on January 4 from cancer, the Bulls would defeat the Houston Rockets.
Then on January 7, the Bulls would be defeated by the Jazz after being held to a season-low point total with 28-of-84 (33.3 percent) shooting.
Chicago would lose back-to-back games for the first time since November 20–21, 2014, against the Wizards.
On January 10, the Bulls would defeat the Bucks after a big outing by Gasol that produced a career-high 46 points for the big man.
In the power rankings, Chicago would fall to number five.
Despite a good performance, the Bulls would fall to the Magic 114–121.
Even though Rose would score 32 points, Chicago would continue to struggle after losing to the Wizards twice in five days.
With Noah out with a sprained ankle, the Bulls would defeat the Celtics on January 16 behind a Rose double double.
The next day, the Atlanta Hawks, who were on an eleven-game winning streak at the time, would defeat Chicago in the United Center for the first time since May 2, 2011.
Chicago's descent in the power rankings would continue as the team fell to number eleven.
After losing to Atlanta, the Bulls would lose to divisional opponent Cavaliers on January 19.
Despite a rough stretch, the Bulls would blow out the defending champion San Antonio Spurs.
On January 23, the Bulls would top the other Texan team in Dallas aided by the 40 points that the backcourt duo of Rose and Butler put up.
However, the Bulls would lose their next game to the Heat on Sunday.
Because Chicago defeated the Spurs, the Bulls rose to number nine in the power rankings.
On January 27, the Bulls would miraculously defeat the Warriors with Rose's game-winning field goal with seven seconds left in overtime.
The Bulls would start March going up against the Clippers.
Injury would strike again as Butler would sprain his elbow he would have an MRI revealing that Butler would miss 3–4 weeks.
Despite Butlers injury there were positives as Nikola Mirotic would shine and score 29 points.
With the regular season over, the Bulls would be seeded #3 in the Eastern Conference behind the Atlanta Hawks (#1) and the Cleveland Cavaliers (#2).
The Bulls would have home-court advantage in the First Round when playing the sixth-seeded Milwaukee Bucks and would lose it when the Cavaliers (Chicago's Conference Semifinals opponent) defeated the seventh-seeded Boston Celtics.
In the First Round, the Bulls would meet its Central Division opponent in the Milwaukee Bucks for the first time since the First Round of the 1990 NBA Playoffs.
After injuring his anterior cruciate ligament in the 2012 playoff opener against the Philadelphia 76ers, Rose returned to play in his first playoff game since the injury to play the Bucks.
In the game, he would accumulate 23 points and seven assists.
The second game of the series would get physical as seven technical fouls were called and Bucks player Zaza Pachulia would be ejected.
Despite a poor outing from Rose, Butler would go off and score 31 points for the victory.
In what would be a crucial Game 3 for the Bucks, the Bulls would hold Milwaukee off in double overtime, which was spearheaded by Rose's 34 points.
After scoring playoff career-highs in Games 1 and 2, Butler would have another career-high of 33 points but the Bulls would lose Game 4 with a season-high 26 turnovers.
In the closing seconds of the game, Rose would turn over the ball and, after a timeout for the Bucks, Jerryd Bayless would get away from Rose to execute a buzzer-beating layup, causing Chicago to lose 90–92.
They then dropped game 5 at home, cutting their lead to 3-2.
But despite struggling in the previous two games, the Bulls would finish the series by pummeling the Bucks with a franchise record 54-point blowout victory on the road, surpassing the previous record of 42 that was set in Game 3 of the 1998 NBA Finals against the Utah Jazz.
Just before Game 6, it was announced that Nikola Mirotić came in second place in voting for the NBA Rookie of the Year Award for 2014–15.
After defeating the Milwaukee Bucks, the Bulls would face another divisional rival, the Cleveland Cavaliers, in what was regarded as a marquee match-up.
The last time the two teams had played each other was back in the First Round of the 2010 NBA Playoffs when the then-first seed Cavaliers would defeat the then-eighth seed Bulls four games to one.
For the Cavaliers, they would be playing with Kevin Love out for the rest of the season and J. R. Smith out for Games 1 and 2.
However, at this time for the Bulls, it was reported that there had been a long-standing feud between Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeau and the organization's management.
Despite the dysfunction in the Bulls organization, the team itself would take Game 1 in a 99–92 victory after Rose who scored 23 points had an injury scare.
On May 6, it was reported that Jimmy Butler won the NBA Most Improved Player Award thus becoming the first Bull in franchise history to win it.
In Game 2, Chicago would be blown out by Cleveland and was dealt its first loss of the series.
At halftime, Joakim Noah would shove a fan which led to a $25,000 fine.
After splitting the first two games, the series would continue at the United Center for Game 3.
Up until the third game, there were no lead changes because the Bulls always led in Game 1 and the Cavaliers always led in Game 2.
In an evenly matched game, the Bulls and Cavaliers both played with grit but the Bulls would pull through after 2011 Most Valuable Player Derrick Rose shot a game-winning three-point buzzer beater to win the game 99–96.
Aside from the fact that the shot was his second career buzzer beater, it was the first playoff buzzer beater for the team since Michael Jordan's buzzer beater in Game 1 of the 1997 NBA Finals and the team's last game-winning shot in the last ten seconds since Jordan's memorable championship-winning shot with 5.2 seconds remaining in Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals.
During the game, Pau Gasol would be taken out because of a hamstring injury.
On May 9, talk of the possibility of having two champions in the same city and season began.
The Chicago Blackhawks were en route to the Conference Final of the 2015 Stanley Cup playoffs and the Bulls were up 2–1 in the Conference Semifinals against the Cavaliers.
The next day, Butler, whose contract would expire at the end of the season, would state that he planned to remain with the Bulls.
This was after rejecting a four-year, $42 million contract back in October 2014.
In Game 4, with the game tied 84 apiece, LeBron James would return the favor with a two-point buzzer beater, causing the Bulls to lose 84–86.
After the Iowa Energy entered a single-affiliation partnership with the Memphis Grizzlies on May 6, 2014, the Bulls would be affiliated with the Fort Wayne Mad Ants starting in the 2014–15 NBA Development League season.
The Miners finished the season 23–11, 12–4 in C-USA play to finish in fifth place.
They advanced to the quarterfinals of the C-USA Tournament where they lost to Southern Miss.
They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they lost in the first round to Fresno State.
Kangas shot and killed the officers as they attempted to arrest his father, Arvin Kangas, at the family's home.
Arvin Kangas, 58, was charged with assault for pointing a shotgun at the local Village Public Safety Officer (VPSO) during the incident that prompted the troopers' investigation.
On May 5, the chairman of the Tanana Tribal Council issued a statement expressing the council's shock and grief and offering condolences to the families of the officers, stating, "We want them to know that this was the action of individuals and that this was not, and is not, Tanana."
Later that week, the tribal council voted unanimously to ban the elder Kangas and another resident from the community for their indirect roles in the deaths of the officers.
Nathanial Kangas was tried in May 2016 in Fairbanks for the deaths of troopers Johnson and Rich, and was found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder, one count of third-degree assault for pointing a weapon at a VPSO, and one count of tampering with evidence.
He was sentenced in November to 203 years in prison (99 for the death of each trooper, 5 for evidence tampering).
Arvin Kangas was convicted in May 2015 of three counts of evidence tampering (two for altering the position of the troopers' weapons, one for disposing of marijuana plants) and was sentenced to 10 years in prison, 8 of which must be served.
Elections to the Cannock Chase District Council took place on 22 May 2014, in line with other local elections in the United Kingdom which were held on the same day as the European Parliament elections.
A total of 13 councillors were elected from 13 wards as a third of the council was up for election.
There were no elections held in the Hagley or Hednesford South wards as those wards elect only two councillors in the other two years of the election cycle.
The Labour Party held control of the council and increased its majority by one compared with the previous election when it had gained the council from no overall control.
Notably, UKIP came a close second and gained 4 seats, despite not previously contesting an election in the district.
Compared with the results of 2010 when these seats were last up for election, Labour's vote share slightly decreased but they gained one seat from the Conservatives whilst UKIP gained three seats from the Conservatives and one from the Liberal Democrats.
This left the Conservatives and Lib Dems, who had previously won 8 seats between them, with just one seat each.
Vote share changes are based on the results achieved by parties in 2010 when these seats were last contested.
Toulon went into the knock-out stage seed 3, after earning five out of six victories in the pool stage.
They topped pool 2 with 24 points respectively.
They opened their campaign with a home 51–28 bonus point win over Glasgow Warriors, scoring six tries.
They did however concede four tries, to give Glasgow a bonus point of their own.
In round 2, they played Cardiff Blues at the Cardiff Arms Park.
Cardiff earned a surprise 19–15 victory over the defending champions.
Toulon failed to score any tries in this match, the first time Toulon has done this since their 24–12 win over Saracens in 2013.
Their third game was a 14–9 victory over Exeter Chiefs at Sandy Park, in which Toulon failed to gain a bonus point.
They however earned a bonus point in the return home fixture in round four, after scoring four tries in a 32–20 win over Exeter.
Round five saw Toulon beat Cardiff Blues 43–20 at home to secure a knock-out stage seed.
They finished their pool stage with a 15–8 win over Glasgow Warriors at Scotstoun, to confirm their knock-out seed and positioning.
Following the final pool stage match, the draw was made for the semi-finals.
Toulon was drawn at home for the semi-final, should they win their quarter-final, which meant they would be the only team to have a home semi and quarter-final.
Toulon faced top seed Leinster on 6 April.
Toulon stormed into the semis with a 29–14 victory over the Irish Province.
Toulon then faced another Irish province in Munster.
Toulon decided they would play this match at Stade Vélodrome in Marseille.
Munster indiscipline gave Toulon 21 of their 24 points though penalties, with Jonny Wilkinson's drop goal as the other Toulon score.
In a tight match, Toulon only conceded four kickable penalties and one try to give Munster 16 points.
This meant, Toulon would advance to the final on the back of a 24–16 win.
Saracens went into the knock-out stage bottom of the seed table (8).
They only won four matches during the pool stage, the first being a 23–17 win over Connacht away.
Round two saw Saracens take their home match to Wembley Stadium, instead of Allianz Park, to face Toulouse.
A record British attendance for a Heineken Cup pool game, saw Saracens narrowly lose to Toulouse 16–17, but managed to pick a single bonus point by virtue of losing by seven points or less.
Saracens next played Zebre at Stadio XXV Aprile.
It was believed that Saracens would walk away with this match, but Saracens were only able to put 29 points over the Italian side, winning 39–10.
The return fixture however saw Saracens thrash Zebre 64–3, scoring nine tries and conceding just two penalties.
They then went to Stade Ernest-Wallon to play Toulouse away.
They lost again to the French side 21–11, put their strong defence kept Toulouse try-less.
But their indiscipline, gave Toulouse 21 point though kick at goals.
Their final match was at home, against Connacht.
In a match where Saracens scored ten tries, Saracens booked their place a knock-out seed with a 64–6 victory over the Irish province.
Their quarter-final saw Saracens travel to Ulster, who were the only team to win six from six in the pool stages.
However, in a controversial match, through the Jared Payne red card, Saracens scored 17 points to Ulster's 15 to progress to the semi-final.
Due to the draw that followed the pool stage, Saracens had a home semi-final who choose to play the match at Twickenham.
Saracens faced early favorites and last years runners-up Clermont at the RFU home stadium.
The match saw Saracens earn a record, for the biggest winning margin in a Heineken Cup semi-final.
Saracens overtook Leicester Tigers 37 point winning margin over London Wasps, by three, after they won 46–6 over Clermont.
They kept Clermont scoreless in the second half, and scored six tries in the 80 minutes.
This meant they would final progress to the Heineken Cup Final, and would face the defending champions.
Under a closed roof at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, the match kicked off at 5pm.
Within three minutes, Owen Farrell had put Saracens into the lead with a penalty.
Despite early pressure from Toulon, they conceded a second penalty in the 12th minute, but Marcelo Bosch failed to convert, the score remaining 3–0.
On 21 minutes, Toulon's Juan Martín Fernández Lobbe was sin-binned for pulling down Alistair Hargreaves under a high kick, but Farrell failed to convert the resulting penalty.
In the 29th minute, a chip into space from Matt Giteau found Drew Mitchell who, after beating the tackle of Alex Goode, passed back to Giteau who scored the first try of the final, converted by Jonny Wilkinson, and taking the score to 7–3 in Toulon's favour.
Fernández Lobbe returned from the sin-bin and three minutes later, Wilkinson scored a drop goal, to take the score to 10–3 at half time.
Five minutes after the restart, and after a strong showing from Saracens, Farrell scored another penalty after a collapsed scrum, reducing the deficit to four points.
However, on 53 minutes, Wilkinson restored the seven point lead with another penalty.
Six minutes later, Toulon's Mathieu Bastareaud made a break and supplied Juan Smith with the ball, and after an exchange with Fernández Lobbe, Smith scored Toulon's second try, which Wilkinson converted to take the score to 20–6.
A third penalty, three minutes later, took Wilkinson's tally to eleven points and Toulon's advantage to 17 points.
Despite late pressure from Saracens, no further points were scored as Toulon won the match, and the final Heineken Cup, 23–6.
Standings after 8 of 9 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup races.
The MVP was determined after the Tournament.
Kyle Anderson, who scored 21 points and grabbed 15 rebounds for UCLA in the championship game, was named Tournament MVP.
Chiangmai and Phitsanulok were promoted to the 2014 Thai Division 1 League.
The 1st district is located entirely on the island of Oahu, encompassing the urban areas of the City and County of Honolulu, a consolidated city-county that includes Oahu's central plains and southern shores, including the towns of Aiea, Mililani, Pearl City, Waipahu and Waimalu.
It is the only majority-Asian district in the United States.
The incumbent is Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, who has represented the district since 2011.
She was re-elected with 54% of the vote in 2012 and the district has a PVI of D+18.
On December 17, 2012, after the death of U.S.
Senator Daniel Inouye, it was announced that Inouye had sent a letter shortly before his death to the Governor of Hawaii, Neil Abercrombie, stating his desire that Hanabusa be appointed to his seat.
Abercrombie decided against appointing Hanabusa and chose Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii Brian Schatz instead.
Hanabusa declined to run for re-election, instead challenging Schatz in the Democratic primary for the special Senate election.
She was defeated by Schatz, 48.5% to 47.8%.
The 2nd district encompasses the rest of the island of Oahu, including the Windward, North Shore, Central and Leeward regions, as well as the entire state outside of Oahu.
This includes the areas located in the counties of Kauai (which includes the islands of Kauaʻi, Niʻihau, Lehua and Kaʻula), Maui (which consists of the islands of Maui, Kahoolawe, Lānai, Molokai except for a portion of Molokai that comprises Kalawao County and Molokini) and Hawaii County coextensive with the Island of Hawaii, often called "the Big Island".
The incumbent is Democrat Tulsi Gabbard, who has represented the district since 2013.
She was elected with 77% of the vote in 2012 and the district has a PVI of D+21.
The 2014 University of Minnesota rape case was widely publicized by the American media as it highlighted the inadequacies of police responses to victims of sexual assault.
The victim in the case, 19 year-old Abby Honold, afterwards sought to establish federal funding for appropriate training of officials and first responders.
A bill known as the Abby Honold Bill was first introduced to Congress by Senator Amy Klobuchar in 2017.
It has not yet been enacted.
The case was a highly mediatized case involving Daniel "Dan" York Drill-Mellum, a student at the University of Minnesota and fraternity member of Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Drill-Mellum violently raped 19-year-old Abby Honold twice at his apartment in November 2014 after luring her from a Minnesota Golden Gophers tailgate.
He left claw marks on her body, bit chunks of her breasts, and shoved his fist so far into her mouth that he tore open part of her tongue during the attack.
After escaping, Honold immediately went to a hospital where a nurse described the injuries as some of the worst she'd ever seen.
Drill-Mellum was arrested shortly after Honold reported his assault on her, but was released after his fraternity brothers secretly recorded a five-minute phone call with Honold.
During the call, she stated twice that Drill-Mellum had raped her and detailed her injuries.
But when Drill-Mellum's roommate asked her, "did you guys have consensual sex?”, he mumbled the words to make it sound like "actual sex."
Honold responded "yes" and police dropped the charges.
On December 24, 2015, Drill-Mellum was arrested again when Kevin Randolph, a veteran of the University of Minnesota's police department, reviewed the recording and successfully re-opened the case.
Drill-Mellum was tried for the rape of Honold and another victim he raped on Halloween 2014.
The case attracted ongoing coverage in the media after Honold came forward and talked about how initially authorities did not press charges.
On August 31, 2016, Drill-Mellum was sentenced to 74 months in prison following his guilty plea on two counts of rape.
In November 2016, an episode of the Dr. Phil Show about the case was aired.
And in April 2017, Investigation Discovery paired with deadline host Tamron Hill to air an episode about the case.
After the trial concluded, Honold contacted the office of Senator Al Franken to set up a meeting about a bill that would help law enforcement improve the reporting process for future victims.
The bill seeks to establish federal funding for the purpose of training officers and first responders on the most effective techniques to use when interviewing sexual assault victims.
Educating law enforcement officials and investigators on proper techniques is a key component of the legislation, which is tentatively named the Abby Honold Bill.
In November 2017, after Franken was accused of sexual misconduct, Honold sought a new sponsor for the bill.
Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar's office promptly picked it up, and is working with Honold moving forward.
The Big Red finished the season 13–17, 5–9 in Ivy League play to finish in a tie for fifth place.
The 2015–16 Federal Hockey League season is the sixth season of the Federal Hockey League.
The regular season lasted from November 6, 2015 to April 3, 2016.
The Port Huron Prowlers would win the league championship by sweeping the Danbury Titans.
The FHL lost a lawsuit in which the league was ordered to pay former player Kyler Moje a sum of $800,000, after Moje became legally blind due to an injury incurred during a game on February 10, 2012.
Without having the finances to pay such a large sum, it was speculated that the league may be forced to fold and reorganize under a different corporate entity.
The FHL lost their appeal on the judgment.
On April 2, 2015, the FHL announced an expansion team, the Port Huron Prowlers, to begin play in the 2015–16 season.
On April 3, 2015, the Danbury Ice Arena announced that it did not want to renew its contract with the Danbury Whalers and gave them a notice to evict by April 17, leaving the last remaining team from the inaugural FHL season homeless.
On April 17, 2015, the Steel City Warriors announced that it had suspended operations, stating that the team was unable to find a suitable home arena, but had hopes to return for the 2016–17 season.
On May 20, 2015, the Berlin River Drivers announced their resurrection as the FHL's then seventh team, to play at Notre Dame Arena in Berlin, New Hampshire.
A year prior, the River Drivers were slated to join the FHL in 2014–15 before the league reassessed their options and expanded into North Adams, MA instead.
On June 3, 2015, due the eviction of the Danbury Whalers, the Federal Hockey League announced a new team based in Brewster, New York, to be called the Stateline Whalers, and would play at the Brewster Ice Arena under former the Danbury Whalers CEO and managing partner Herm Sorcher.
The Stateline Whalers were announced as being owned by Barry Soskin, who also owns the Port Huron and Danville teams and formerly owned the Dayton Demonz.
The Danbury Whalers were officially considered to be on hiatus for the season by the FHL, but gave up their naming and territorial rights to Brewster.
On June 22, 2015, the Watertown Wolves announced that they would suspend operations for the 2015–16 season due to their arena being renovated and an inability to find a temporary arena to use in Northern New York.
The Wolves plan to resume operations for the 2016–17 season, after their arena renovations are completed.
On June 26, 2015, the owner of the Berkshire Battalion, William Dadds, announced that he intends to relocate the team from North Adams, Massachusetts, before the 2015–16 season after lease negotiations for the ice rink fell through.
The city administration asked the team to only play a maximum of three Friday night games next season and repay all current debts prior to any lease being signed by the city but Dadds decided that the demands were unreasonable.
On June 27, it was reported that the FHL had approved of a new team Danbury, Connecticut, to replace the now departed Whalers.
Local businessmen, Bruce Bennett and Edward Crowe were announced as the ownership group.
Bennett would announce the new team as the Danbury Titans and had signed a six-year lease to play at the Danbury Ice Arena.
On July 15, during the team's inaugural booster club meeting, Danbury Titans ownership confirmed that the league had re-organized and they will own the new Brewster team (formerly announced as the Stateline Whalers); Barry Soskin will continue to own the Danville Dashers and Port Huron Prowlers but no longer be involved in Brewster.
On July 18, Bennett announced the team would be called the Brewster Bulldogs and that neither of his teams would be connected to the former Whalers.
On July 15, the Battalion announced via their Facebook page that the team was moving to Dayton, Ohio, to replace the Dayton Demonz.
On July 16, the Port Huron Prowlers announced that the protected player list from the Demonz had been transferred to their team and officially announcing the end of the Demonz.
In the same press release, the Prowlers also confirmed that Dadds would be relocating the Battalion to Dayton.
On July 25, Dadds announced his Dayton team would be called the Dayton Demolition.
On December 23, the Dayton Demolition announced that it had postponed its December 26 game against Danbury due to "scheduling issues" with Hara Arena.
On December 28, the Demolition then announced that its new home arena would be South Metro Sports in Centerville, Ohio.
After one home game at South Metro in which attendees either sat on bleachers with poor sightlines of the ice or had to stand due to the lack of seating, the Demolition returned to Hara Arena.
On January 17, the FHL removed Dadds as owner and on January 19, Joe Pace, Sr., the former coach of the Danville Dashers, was announced as the head of the new ownership group for the Demolition.
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series.
The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2.
The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
All four teams in Challenge 1 qualified to the promotion play-offs.
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2015 regional leagues.
Primaries were held September 15.
Theodore T. Cannon won the Republican nomination.
None.
The 15 clubs will be split into two groups; one with eight clubs and another with seven clubs.
The top three teams from each group advanced to a play-off which determined the season's champion and qualifiers for the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League and the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League.
The play-offs were played in a double-eliminination format with both group winners earning byes in the first and second round.
All matches were decided over one leg with extra time and then penalties used to break ties.
The schedule was announced on 10 April 2017.
The Lions finished the 2015–16 season 25–10, 10–4 in Ivy League play to finish in third place.
They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they defeated Norfolk State, Ball State, NJIT and UC Irvine to become CIT champions.
Istanbul had already been subjected to three terrorist attacks in the first half of 2016, including suicide attacks in January and in March that were both linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and a car bombing in early June claimed by the Kurdistan Freedom Hawks (TAK), a "radical offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK)".
After the attack, United States CIA director John O. Brennan said that the attack bore the hallmarks of an ISIL terror attack.
It was suggested that Turkey was paying a price for former Prime Minister and now President Recip Tayyip Erdoğan's wilful blindness to ISIL threat, and that Turkey, after previously being a conduit for fighters joining ISIL, was beginning to feel the wrath of the group for taking a harder line.
The Washington Post wrote that "perhaps not by chance, what was merely the latest in a series of Islamic State attacks inside Turkey came just as its impulsive and increasingly autocratic president was moving to repair his regime’s threadbare foreign relations."
Shortly before 22:00 Istanbul time, two assailants approached the x-ray scanner at a security checkpoint, and opened fire.
Police officers returned fire, and the assailants detonated bombs on their persons.
Based on a security camera video, one of the bombers was about 24 metres (79 ft) inside Terminal 2 (the International terminal) when he detonated his suicide bomb.
In the CCTV video the explosion can be seen within or near a group of people.
According to Turkish officials, one of the explosions was set off by a third attacker in the parking lot across the street from the terminal.
A closed-circuit television video of this incident showed an armed assailant walking and firing at people within the terminal.
The gunman was then shot by a security officer and fell to the ground, with the security officer approaching to investigate.
The officer then ran away, presumably having noticed the gunman's explosive belt.
The suicide belt then detonated.
During and immediately after the attacks, hundreds of passengers and people inside the airport hid anywhere they could in shops, washrooms, and under benches.
Two of the attackers detonated explosive devices, killing themselves; one was killed, presumably by security forces.
There were three perpetrators who detonated their explosives in or near the terminal.
However, there were reports and witnesses stating that there were four armed men running away from the blasts; this has not yet been confirmed by police personnel.
A US intelligence source told CBS News that the coordinated attacks lasted only about 90 seconds.
Many travelers described what they saw during the attack to reporters.
One man stated, "We came right to international departures and saw the man randomly shooting.
He was just firing at anyone coming in front of him.
He was wearing all black.
His face was not masked.
I was 50 meters away from him."
He continued, "We ducked behind a ticket counter but I stood up and watched him.
Two explosions went off shortly after one another.
By that time he had stopped shooting."
Lastly he said "He turned around and started coming towards us.
He was holding his gun inside his jacket.
He looked around anxiously to see if anyone was going to stop him and then went down the escalator ... We heard some more gunfire and then another explosion, and then it was over."
Other people who had arrived outside the terminal said that taxicab drivers were screaming, "Don't enter!
A bomb exploded!"
from their windows to incoming traffic.
Following the attack, all departure flights were suspended but the arrival flights remained operational for some time until they were diverted.
According to Flightradar24, most of the Istanbul-bound flights diverted to either Izmir or Ankara.
Following the attack the FAA suspended all Turkish flights into and out of the United States for about five hours, allowing only the 10 flights that were already in the air during the attack to land in the U.S. All the flights suspended were Turkish Airlines flights.
It is believed that between 8 and 14 aircraft from numerous airlines were at the terminal during the attack, none of the aircraft were ever in danger nor were any of them damaged during the attack.
A broad media blackout was imposed by the state shortly after the attack banning "all news, interviews, and visuals regarding the incident" in "any written and visual media, digital media outlets, or social media."
Independent internet monitoring group Turkey Blocks reported that social networks Twitter and Facebook were slowed to the point of being unusable at 1:06AM on 29 June, approximately three hours after the attack.
In the initial hours after the attack, several airports in the world stepped up their security.
In the United States, security was tightened at major international airports, including John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in New York, and Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport in Atlanta, the busiest airport in the world.
Officials stated that there were no credible threats to major airports in the U.S.
In Indonesia, security at major international airports, such as Soekarno - Hatta International Airport in Jakarta, was tightened.
Indonesian Transportation Minister Ignasius Jonan stated that the security status in every airport in Indonesia was alerted to yellow, meaning that an attack in airport was "likely".
He also added that major seaports in Indonesia also tightened their security.
In India, the security in several major airports, such as Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Sahar was beefed up; security was also stepped up at the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Colaba, one of the sites of the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Security in Kolkata's Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Airport was also tightened.
In social media, the hashtag #PrayForTurkey became viral.
By 29 June, it had been used more than 300,000 times on Twitter, by people wanting to show solidarity with Turkey and the victims.
Several photos went viral in response to the attack, such as an older meme by Le Monde cartoonist Plantu which drew a parallel with the suffering caused by terror attacks in Belgium and France.
Taxis took wounded people to the nearest hospital.
Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım accused the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria of carrying out the attack, but ISIS has not claimed responsibility.
CNN reported on 30 June that Turkish officials have "strong evidence" that the attackers came from the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria, that ISIS leadership was involved in planning of the attack, and that the men entered Turkey about a month ago from Raqqa, bringing with them the suicide vests and bombs used in the attack.
On 30 June, the BBC reported that the attackers were from the Russian North Caucasus region, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.
Previously it was reported the attackers spoke a language unfamiliar to their taxi driver, possibly Chechen.
CNN reported that the gunmen were from the two Central Asian countries and Russia.
Turkey has identified two of the attackers as Russian nationals Rakim Bulgarov and Vadim Osmanov, while not identifying the third.
On 1 July, a report quoted a highly placed U.S. congressman as saying the attack had been organized by a Chechen extremist known to be a top ISIS lieutenant, Akhmed Chatayev.
U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, stated that Chatayev directed the attack.
Turkish and Swedish media also identified Chatayev as the mastermind, who was granted political asylum in Austria.
Chatayev served nine months in a Swedish prison in 2008 after being convicted of smuggling weapons into Sweden.
Two of the three attackers were identified as Rakim Bulgarov and Vadim Osmanov, according to the state-run Anadolu news agency.
The trial for forty-six people accused being involved in the attack started on 13 November 2017 in Silivri.
Following the bombings, several structures around the world were illuminated in the colours of the Turkish flag.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan issued a statement condemning the attack, which took place during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
He said the attack "shows that terrorism strikes with no regard to faith and values", called on the international community to take a firm stand against terrorism, and vowed to keep up Turkey's struggle against terror groups.
Erdogan also stated, "Turkey has the power, determination and capacity to continue the fight against terrorism until the end."
Turkey declared 29 June as day of national mourning in response to the attack.
The statement came from Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım to commemorate the victims of the attack.
During the attack, the Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama's plane was landing when the attack occurred.
He was evacuated from Atatürk into an official residence.
He was visiting Turkey for an official visit.
On 29 June, Turkish authorities detained 22 people in response to the attack: thirteen in Istanbul and nine in the coastal city of Izmir.
Turkish authorities confirmed that the perpetrators were foreign nationals, specifically, they came from Uzbekistan, Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
The airport and wider community made a swift return to ordinary routine following the attack.
Airport visitors reported that public transport was at full capacity in the days that followed, and that locals were still highly concentrated in the market squares.
At least 80 countries, either through statements or official actions by their heads of state or their foreign ministries, condemned the attacks, expressed sympathy or support to Turkey and the victims of the attacks.
The United Nations likewise condemned the attacks, and the Council of Europe and the European Union extended their condolences and solidarity for Turkey.
The United Nations Human Rights Council condemned internet restrictions imposed by the Turkish government to limit coverage of the incident, labelling them a "violation of international human rights law."
Israel, the Republic of China (Taiwan), Ukraine, the United Kingdom, and the United States issued travel advisories discouraging travel to Istanbul following the attacks.
U.S. flights from and to Turkey were suspended for several hours in relation to the attacks.
Police in New York and New Jersey boosted the security of airports in their states.
* – denotes overtime period
Source:
The Wildcats received the automatic bid to the NCAA tournament; no other Big Sky members were invited to the tournament or the NIT.
Weber State was seeded fifteenth in the East regional and lost 71–53 to Xavier in the first round in St. Louis.
It was the tenth consecutive year that the Big Sky representative lost in the first round.
The 2016 Cheltenham Borough Council election was held on 5 May 2016 to elect members of Cheltenham Borough Council in England.
This was on the same day as other local elections.
The result was a victory for the incumbent Liberal Democrat administration, which increased its overall majority.
The incumbent mayor Tim Shadbolt sought a record eighth term, and was re-elected to the position with a reduced majority.
Shadbolt was challenged by television host Tom Conroy and sitting Invercargill City councilor Karen Arnold.
Shadbolt was re-elected with a decreased majority.
The 2016 NEC Wheelchair Tennis Masters took place from 30 November to 4 December at the Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Centre in London, United Kingdom.
It was the 23rd edition of the tournament (13th for quad players).
The tournament is run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) and is part of the 2016 ITF Wheelchair Tennis Tour.
The event takes place on indoor hard courts.
It serves as the season-ending championships for singles players on the ITF Wheelchair Tennis Tour.
The eight players who qualify for the men's and women's events, and six players who qualify for the quad event, are split into two groups of three or four.
During this stage, players compete in a round-robin format (meaning players play against all the other players in their group).
The two players with the best results in each group progress to the semifinals, where the winners of a group face the runners-up of the other group.
This stage, however, is a knock-out stage.
The Wheelchair Tennis Masters has a round-robin format, with six/eight players divided into two groups of three/four.
The six/eight seeds are determined by the UNIQLO Wheelchair Tennis Rankings as they stood on 10 October 2016.
All matches are the best of three tie-break sets, including the final.
This year saw an increase in the number of players competing in the quad singles, with six players now completing for the title, up from four the previous year.
Joachim Gérard def.
Gordon Reid, 4–6, 6–4, 6–4
Jiske Griffioen def.
Yui Kamiji, 6–4, 6–4
David Wagner def.
Itay Erenlib, 6–4, 6–1
The top six placed teams from the top-tier level Greek Basket League 2016–17 season, gained an automatic bye to the 2017–18 Greek Cup quarterfinals.
While the eight lower placed teams from the 2016–17 Greek Basket League season; along with all of the teams from the 2nd-tier level Greek A2 Basket League 2017–18 season, and the 3rd-tier level Greek B Basket League 2017–18 season, play in preliminary rounds, competing for the other two quarterfinals places.
The quarterfinals and onward rounds are played under a single elimination format.
Group B of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations was played from 15 to 23 January 2017 in Gabon.
The group consisted of Algeria, Tunisia, Senegal, and Zimbabwe.
All times are local, WAT (UTC+1).
The 2017 Tercera División play-offs to Segunda División B from Tercera División (Promotion play-offs) were the final playoffs for the promotion from 2016–17 Tercera División to 2017–18 Segunda División B.
The first four teams in each group took part in the play-off.
The eighteen group winners have the opportunity to be promoted directly to Segunda División B.
The eighteen group winners were drawn into a two-legged series where the nine winners will promote to Segunda División B.
The nine losing clubs will enter the play-off round for the last nine promotion spots.
The eighteen runners-up were drawn against one of the eighteen fourth-placed clubs outside their group and the eighteen third-placed clubs were drawn against one another in a two-legged series.
The twenty-seven winners will advance with the nine losing clubs from the champions' series to determine the eighteen teams that will enter the last two-legged series for the last nine promotion spots.
In all the playoff series, the lower-ranked club play at home first.
Whenever there is a tie in position (e.g.
like the group winners in the champions' series or the third-placed teams in the first round), a draw determines the club to play at home first.
In 2016 it was suggested that the 2017 Series could be expanded to 8 teams.
Two games would be played in Australia and two would be played in the UK with the World Club Challenge alternating each year.
Plans to expand the series were quashed when the NRL Grand Final runners up Melbourne Storm announced they would not be participating due to it interfering with their pre-season.
The Brisbane Broncos were the only side that finished in the top 8 from that season that accepted an invitation to play meaning the series would be reduced to only two teams.
Challenge Cup winners Hull F.C.
would consequently not be able to participate as no game could be arranged.
A total of 45 matches were take place, starting with First round on 7 September 2018 and culminating with the Final on 17 March 2019.
In June 2017, at the CONIFA meeting held during the 2017 CONIFA European Football Cup, it was announced that the Barawa Football Association had been selected to act as the host for the 2018 CONIFA World Football Cup.
However, under CONIFA's criteria, the "host" is the CONIFA member that heads the organising committee for the tournament, which does not necessarily mean that it needs to be played in the host's territory.
Barawa is located in Somalia, but the Barawa FA represents members of the Somali diaspora in England.
In March 2018, ConIFA announced that, owing to financial difficulties, the Kiribati team had been forced to withdraw from the tournament, with their place taken by Tuvalu.
In May 2018, it was announced that the Felvidék team had withdrawn, to be replaced by Kárpátalja.
A programme for the entire tournament was produced, with the bulk of the content produced by football writer Mat Guy and blogger Pat McGuinness, and produced by Programme Master.
The official anthem of the tournament is "Bring The House Down" by English duo Right Said Fred, which was released on 29 May 2018.
Following the completion of the group stage, Ellan Vannin entered a protest regarding the fact that Barawa had been able to bring in a replacement player to their squad after the tournament had started, in apparent contravention of the tournament's rules.
The addition of the player, Mohamed Bettamer, a former Libyan youth international, was permitted by ConIFA, who stated that this was a rule change, but who did not inform the other 15 teams in the competition, who had submitted their own squad lists according to the published pre-tournament rule book.
Ellan Vannin launched an appeal against the Barawa team's fielding of an apparently ineligible player, which at an initial meeting of the tournament committee was upheld, before subsequently being overturned.
As a result, Ellan Vannin withdrew from the remainder of the tournament, and Tibet, their opponents in the First Placement Round, were awarded a 3-0 victory.
Their place in the remaining fixtures were taken by Chagos Islands.
 A meeting of ConIFA's Executive Committee made the decision to provisionally expel the Manx Independent Football Alliance from the organization on 7 June, subject to ratification at the Annual General Meeting in January 2019.
They were reinstated in January.
CONIFA provided live streaming through football streaming service Mycujoo and edited highlights provided by FC Video.
Select games were also live streamed on the Paddy Power Facebook page.
In Northern Cyprus the games were broadcast by EURO GENÇ TV.
The first round, or group stage, have seen the sixteen teams divided into four groups of four teams.
At the end of the regular season the top four teams in each division qualifies for the 2018 Kelly Cup playoffs and be seeded one through four based on highest point total earned in the season.
Then the first two rounds of the playoffs are held within the division with the first seed facing the fourth seed and the second seed facing the third.
The division champions then play each other in a conference championship.
The Kelly Cup finals pits the Eastern Conference champion against the Western Conference champion.
All four rounds are a best-of-seven format.
First Legs [Oct 10]
Hilal Fasher   1-0 Ahli Khartoum
Ahli W. Medani 2-1 Hilal Kaduqli
Second Legs
[Oct 13]
Hilal Kaduqli  2-0 Ahli Wad Medani
[Oct 14]
Ahli Khartoum  2-0 Hilal Al-Fasher
Rodrigo Melo's departure to Estudiantes (BA) was confirmed on 11 June 2019.
18 June saw Guido Milán join from Veracruz.
Three days later, midfielder Rodrigo Brandán was loaned out to Sacachispas.
A third player left on 24 June, as Franco Lazzaroni made a move across the division to Gimnasia y Esgrima.
Cain Fara was signed by Primera División outfit Aldosivi on 24 June.
Walter Busse announced, on 26 June, that he was to leave the club at the conclusion of his contract, days later, due to personal reasons.
Gabriel Díaz joined Patronato of the Primera División on 29 June.
However, Ferro claimed that a deal was still being discussed and Díaz had been offered a new contract.
Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June.
Ferro revealed, on 1 July, that Gabriel Díaz had indeed put pen to paper on a new contract, though would be loaned to Patronato for the 2019–20 season.
Leonel Álvarez, after signing a new deal, was moved out on loan to Flandria on 1 July.
Gustavo Canto was captured on loan from Dorados de Sinaloa of Ascenso MX on 4 July.
Leonardo Landriel and Augusto Vantomme terminated their contracts on 5 July, subsequently joining Los Andes and Acassuso.
Tomás Asprea, after his previous loan deal expired on 30 June, returned to Ferro on a second temporary contract from Comunicaciones on 5 July.
Ferro met Huracán in their opening friendlies on 6 July, with the top-flight club ending the day undefeated.
Pablo Ortega penned terms from Central Córdoba on 8 July.
On 10 July, having renewed their respective contracts, Matías Ramírez and Cristian Carrizo were loaned out to Villa Dálmine.
Ferro beat Aldosivi in pre-season matches on 10 July.
Ferro suffered losses in friendlies with San Lorenzo on 18 July.
Ferro couldn't secure a friendly victory over Almagro on 20 July, falling to a draw and a defeat on home soil.
Ferro recorded a win and a tie with Tristán Suárez in exhibitions on 24 July.
Days later, encounters with Comunicaciones were cancelled due to bad weather.
31 July saw Ferro reach an agreement for Carlos Carbonero.
Soon after, Ferro revealed a new contract was offered to Enzo Díaz; who was to answer in the succeeding days.
They beat Defensores de Belgrano by two before losing by a goal on 2 August in pre-season.
Also on 2 August, Gastón Ada terminated his contract with Ferro - subsequently joining Chilean second tier team Deportes Valdivia on 4 August.
2 August also saw Pablo Medina sign for Justo José de Urquiza on loan.
On 6 August, Ferro announced that Enzo Díaz had rejected their contract offer - with the club subsequently accepting a $325,000 offer from Tigre.
Ferro were scheduled to face Banfield on 9 August, but the fixture was scrapped due to the poor climate.
Carlos Carbonero's transfer from Deportivo Cali was officially completed on 9 August.
Arriving from Mexico's Coras de Nayarit, Lucas Pugh penned contract terms on 15 August.
Ferro were beaten by two goals at home to Platense in Primera B Nacional on 19 August, as Andrés Bailo conceded twice in as many minutes in the second half.
Ferro lost a five-goal thriller to Independiente Rivadavia on 25 August, despite a late goal from debutant Franco Pulicastro.
Ferro's poor form continued into September, as they succumbed to a 0–2 loss at the Estadio Arquitecto Ricardo Etcheverry to Atlanta.
Ferro stopped the rot on 8 September, as they secured their first point of the campaign at home to Mitre.
However, on 13 September, they returned to losing ways with a defeat to Estudiantes (RC).
Domestic transfer windows:
3 July 2019 to 24 September 2019
20 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
This budget aims to reduce interest rates on postsecondary students' Canada Student Loans and will eliminate interest charges on student debt during the six-month grace period that begins upon graduation.
The budget will appropriate an additional $586.5-million a year to pay for job training through the Employment Insurance program.
Points are awarded to the top 10 (Pro) or top 6 (Am, Pro-Am, Teams) classified finishers.
If less than 6 participants start the race or if less than 75% of the original race distance is completed, half points are awarded.
At the end of the season, the lowest race score is dropped; however, the dropped race cannot be the result of a disqualification or race ban.
All the matches were played at the Arena Minas in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
The 2019 NRL Women's Premiership is the second season of professional women's rugby league in Australia.
The competition will be coinciding with the men's finals.
All times are in AEST (UTC+10:00) on the relevant dates.
The Citroën World Rally Team committed to entering two full-time entries, continuing the policy they introduced in 2019.
The crew of Esapekka Lappi and Janne Ferm stayed with the team, as did Sébastien Ogier and Julien Ingrassia.
Citroën further explored the possibility of entering a third car as a manufacturer-supported privateer.
Thierry Neuville and Nicolas Gilsoul remained with Hyundai Motorsport, marking their seventh season with the team.
Sébastien Loeb and Daniel Elena also renewed their contracts with Hyundai.
Loeb and Elena will contest the championship on a part-time basis, sharing their car with the crew of Dani Sordo and Carlos del Barrio.
The eligibility requirements for crews entering events will be simplified and streamlined until a system called the "FIA Rally Pyramid".
The top tier of the sport, known as "Rally 1" will be for World Rally Cars built to regulations introduced in 2017.
The second tier, "Rally 2", will be for manufacturer teams and professional independent teams entering R5 cars in the World Rally Championship-2.
This will be followed by "Rally 3" for privately-entered and "gentlemen driver" crews competing with R5 cars in the World Rally Championship-3.
"Rally 4" entries will not contest their own dedicated championship, but will instead serve as a bridging category aimed at making the step from R2 to R5 more managable by allowing R2 entries to be equipped with four-wheel drive.
The final tier, "Rally 5", will be for crews entering R2 cars in the Junior World Rally Championship.
20 manat - (Azerbaijani: İyirmi manat and Turkmen: ýigrimi manat) is one of the banknotes in Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan.
The land area of this arrondissement is 5.984 km² (2.31 sq.
miles, or 1,479 acres).
The population of Paris's 20th arrondissement peaked in 1936, when it had 208,115 inhabitants.
Today it remains very dense in population and business activity with 182,952 inhabitants and 54,786 jobs as of the last census, in 1999.
The Directorate-General for External Security (DGSE) has its head office in the arrondissement.
The humour publication Charlie Hebdo has its head office in the arrondissement.
Responsibilities include establishment of operational requirements and managing the training, standardization and evaluation programs.
This includes conducting command-directed evaluations and staff assistance visits.
Additionally, the 21st OG develops and maintains operational procedures and regulations for field units.
The 21st OG funnels Defense Support Program satellite information to forward users, and the Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station missile warning.
The group is also the focal point for the Air Force's transition from DSP to the new Space-Based Infrared Satellite system.
Constituted as 21st Bombardment Group (Medium) on 13 January 1942.
Activated on 1 February 1942 at Bowman Field, Kentucky.
Thereafter, from February 1942 until October 1943, the
group relocated successively to Jackson Army Air Base; Mississippi; Columbia Army Air Base, South Carolina; Key Field, Mississippi, and MacDill Field, Florida.
The 21st initially trained on B-25 Mitchell bombers then converted to B-26 Marauders.
The group largely served as an operational training unit assigned to Third Air Force; however, while at MacDill Field, from June 1942 to October 1943, the 21st additionally carried out antisubmarine patrols over the Caribbean Sea.
For this action the group received the Antisubmarine 1941–1945 campaign streamer.
The 21st inactivated on 10 October 1943.
The 21st did not have to wait long to write a further chapter in the history of warfare.
Another unit, the 21st Fighter Group (FG), activated on 21 April 1944 at Wheeler Army Airfield in the Hawaii Territory.
Assigned to VII Fighter Command, the group consisted of the 46th, 72d, and 531st Fighter Squadrons.
Over the next two months, the group trained on its first aircraft type, the P-39Q Airacobra.
The 21st provided air defense over the Hawaiian Islands from July 1944, then began upgrading into the P-38J/L Lightning in September.
By the end of October, rumors filled the air that the group soon would upgrade airframes again, this time to the P-51 Mustang.
This change in aircraft heralded a new mission for the 21 FG.
True to rumor, leading echelons began deploying by ship to the island of Iwo Jima in the western Pacific in February 1945.
Before the end of the month, the 21st began flying patrols over the critical island base in support of ground operations.
The final group echelon arrived at Iwo Jima on 25 March.
Early the next morning, elements of the 21st were attacked in their encampment by Japanese soldiers.
Assisted by a patrol of American Marines, 21st personnel counterattacked and in the tent-by-tent fighting killed 250 of the enemy.
Fourteen group personnel were killed and 50, including 21 FG commander Colonel Kenneth R. Powell, were wounded.
The first long-range aerial mission of the 21st Fighter Group against the mainland of Japan began on 7 April 1945, when the group's Mustangs escorted a formation of B-29 bombers against the fortified and well-defended Nakajima aircraft factory near Tokyo.
This mission marked the first time fighters had escorted bombers over Japan.
Moreover, this mission has been credited as having been the longest over-water fighter escort sortie to date.
Over the following weeks, the 21st escorted American B-29s over enemy airfields and industrial targets and engaged rival Japanese fighter aircraft.
The 531st Squadron achieved another first for the 21 FG in June 1945 by initiating aerial rocket strike sorties against select enemy targets which included ships and a radio station.
In the meantime, the groups' aircraft continued to duel in the air and two "aces" soon emerged: Major Harry Crim and Captain Willis Matthews, both of the 531st Fighter Squadron.
Aircrews of the 21st also strafed the airfields which the Japanese used for their increasingly dangerous kamikaze attacks.
The 21 FG flew its last combat mission 14 August 1945, about two weeks before the official Japanese capitulation on 2 September.
The group received the Distinguished Unit Citation on 13 November 1945 specifically for its outstanding conduct during the earlier raid on Nakajima.
However, the 21st had played a laudable part throughout the final stages of the war in the Pacific.
After the war, the group transferred from Iwo Jima, first to Saipan, then finally to Guam.
Re-equipped with P-47 Thunderbolts during the summer of 1946.
The 21 FG inactivated on 10 October 1946.
Redesignated 21st Fighter-Bomber Group.
Activated at George AFB California on 1 January 1953 with three (72d, 416th and 531st) Fighter-Bomber squadrons.
Assigned to Tactical Air Command.
Equipped for a few months with F-51's, later with F-86's.
Maintained tactical proficiency and provided air defense augmentation in the United States, January 1953 – November 1954.
At George, the group established and maintained tactical proficiency and provided air defense augmentation.
In December 1954, the group was assigned to NATO and was reassigned to Chambley-Bussieres Air Base, France.
The 21 FBG consisted of three squadrons, the 72d, 416th and 531st Fighter-Bomber Squadrons, equipped with the F-86F Sabre.
Upon their arrival, the facilities at Chambley were not ready for aircraft use, and the squadrons had to deploy elsewhere.
The 72d deployed to Chateauroux AB, while the 416th and 531st operated out of Toul-Rosieres AB.
After many construction delays, the group combined its fighter squadrons at Chambley on 15 April 1955.
The squadrons carried out close air support training missions with the Army, then took first place at the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) "Gunnery Meet" at Wheelus Air Base, Libya.
The 21 FBW participated in the Atomic Warfare exercise Carte Blanche, and went on to take an overall second place in the Nellis AFB, Nevada Gunnery Meet in 1956.
Moreover, they won the USAFE Award for Tactical Proficiency for the January–June period of 1957.
In 1957, the French Government decreed that all nuclear weapons and delivery aircraft had to be removed from French soil by July 1958.
As a result, the F-86's of the 21st Fighter-Bomber Group had to be removed from France.
During October 1957 it was announced that the 21 FBG would be inactivated on 8 February 1958, and that its assets would be dispersed among existing USAFE units.
In 1991, the 21st Tactical Fighter Wing was reorganized as an objective wing and all the major tenant units on Elmendorf AFB, Alaska were placed under it.
The 21st Operations Group was the flying component of the 21st Wing.
The 21st Wing was inactivated and the 3d Wing was reassigned from Clark Air Base, Philippines to Elmendorf on 19 December 1991 as a result of the Mount Pinatubo eruption and the inhabitability of Clark.
This was in keeping Air Force's policies of retaining the oldest and most illustrious units.
The 21st Operations Group was reactivated on 15 May 1992 as a component of the redesignated and reactivated 21st Space Wing, providing command management of Air Force Space Command's worldwide network of assigned missile warning, space surveillance, and communications units.
Merlin is a member of the Dora family (512), a well-established central asteroid family of more than 1,200 carbonaceous asteroids.
The family's namesake is 668 Dora.
It is alternatively known as the "Zhongolovich family", named after its presumably largest member 1734 Zhongolovich.
The Dora family may also contain a subfamily.
Merlin orbits the Sun in the central main-belt at a distance of 2.2–3.4 AU once every 4 years and 8 months (1,694 days).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.22 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic.
In Nombember 1948, the asteroid was first identified 1948 WH at Uccle Observatory, where the body's observation arc begins 32 years prior to its official discovery observation at Anderson Mesa.
In the SMASS classification, Merlin a Ch-type asteroid, a hydrated subtype of the broader carbonaceous C-complex.
According to the surveys carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Merlin measures 15.694 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.049.
As of 2017, no rotational lightcurve of Merlin has been obtained from photometric observations.
The body's rotation period and shape remain unknown.
This minor planet was named after the sage and sorcerer Merlin, featured mentor of King Arthur in Arthurian legend and medieval Welsh poetry.
His magic enabled Arthur to pull Excalibur from the rock and become the rightwise king born of all England.
The name was suggested by F. Pilcher.
The approved naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 4 August 1982 (M.P.C.
7157).
Built jointly by Kinki Sharyo and Kawasaki Heavy Industries, the trains are used on the Haruka limited express service via the Kansai Airport Line in three- or six-car formations.
Sets are based at Hineno Depot, and are formed as shown below.
Awards were divided into feature films and non-feature films.
Feature films were awarded at All India as well as regional level.
For 28th National Film Awards, a Bengali film, Akaler Shandhaney won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film also winning the maximum number of awards (four), along with a Malayalam film, Oppol.
Following were the awards given in each category:
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year.
The results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.
Other awards, including the Astounding Award for Best New Writer (since 1973; named "John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer" until 2019), are also presented at each year's Worldcon.
As of October 12, 2016, the 2C-x family of substituted phenethylamines is a controlled substances (Schedule III) in Canada.
2Play is a MOBO Award-winning record producer and musician.
He is best known for songs with the Canadian-Indian singer Raghav, as well as collaborations with a number of artists including Jucxi D, Naila Boss, Thomas Jules and Moni.
2Play first entered the music scene in 1997 as a UK garage producer under the alias Special T.
He has had two UK Top 10 hit singles: "So Confused" (featuring Raghav and Jucxi) and "It Can't Be Right" (featuring Raghav and Naila Boss).
A cover of Kevin Lyttle's "Turn Me On" featuring Raghav and Jucxi appeared as a B-side to the single "So Confused".
In 2005, "So Confused" also won "Best Single" at the UK Asian Music Awards.
He has produced cover versions of such songs as George Michael's "Careless Whisper" (featuring Thomas Jules and Jucxi D) and Maxi Priest's "Close to You" (featuring Moni).
Attached to the 89th Airlift Wing at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, the squadron operates from New Castle Air National Guard Base, Delaware with 60 maintenance personnel, and about a dozen operations personnel supporting five four C-17 Globemaster III aircraft.
The squadron supports presidential airlift, through a mission known as "Banner Express".
Aircraft and personnel are prepositioned to support an expected surge in airlift requirements.
The squadron was expected to commence operations in April 2012 and inactivate in late November.
The squadron was first activated with Douglas C-47 Skytrains in September 1943 as the 306th Troop Carrier Squadron at Sedalia Army Air Field, Missouri and trained under I Troop Carrier Command.
It trained in various parts of the eastern United States until early 1944.
The unit then deployed to England, where it became part of IX Troop Carrier Command.
The squadron prepared for the invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe.
It began operations by dropping paratroops of the 101st Airborne Division in Normandy on D-Day (6 June 1944) and releasing gliders with reinforcements on the following day.
The unit received a Distinguished Unit Citation and a French citation for these missions.
After the Normandy invasion the squadron ferried supplies in the United Kingdom.
After moving to France in September, the unit dropped paratroops of the 82nd Airborne Division near Nijmegen and towed gliders carrying reinforcements during Operation Market Garden, the airborne attack on the Netherlands.
In December, it participated in the Battle of the Bulge by releasing gliders with supplies for the 101st Airborne Division near Bastogne.
When the Allies made the air assault across the Rhine River in March 1945, each aircraft towed two gliders with troops of the 17th Airborne Division and released them near Wesel.
The squadron also hauled food, clothing, medicine, gasoline, ordnance equipment, and other supplies to the front lines and evacuated patients to rear zone hospitals.
It converted from C-47s to Curtiss C-46 Commandos and used the new aircraft to transport displaced persons from Germany to France and Belgium after V-E Day.
It was inactivated in Germany in September 1946.
Postwar, the squadron was activated in the Air Force reserve in 1949 at Fairfax Field, Kansas.
At Fairfax, it again operated C-46 Commandos.
The squadron was called to active duty during the Korean War in 1951, and its aircraft and personnel were used as fillers other units and the squadron was inactivated.
The film follows five ex-college buddies who return to the summer home of their youth for their scientist friend’s funeral.
But mourning turns to terror when they realize their reunion is not at all what it seems.
The film has an 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 10 critic reviews.
The division was formed in the area of the villages of Kalach, Prutboy, Kalitva, Nizhny Charskaya, and Verkhne Charskaya from the 93rd Red Banner Rifle Regiment near Stalingrad, part of the Volga Military District, on 2 October 1925.
On 29 April 1927 it received the honorific "Stalingrad" after moving to the city.
In that year the 31st included the 91st Astrakhan, 92nd Leningrad, and 93rd Don Rifle Regiments.
The 31st remained part of the district until January 1940, when it was relocated to Yerevan and became part of the Transcaucasian Military District.
It was also stationed near Gusar, Khachmas, and Quba.
The division's main body, excluding the headquarters, moved to the Iranian and Turkish borders in April, engaging in strengthening the border defenses by building roads and fortifications.
The division began World War II in the district's 40th Rifle Corps alongside the 9th Rifle Division.
It included the 75th, 177th, and the 248th Rifle Regiments, as well as the 32nd Light Artillery Regiment and the 104th Sapper Battalion.
In July it became part of the newly formed 45th Army, covering the Turkish border.
After the Red Army suffered heavy losses in the Battle of Kiev and in the Donbass, the 31st was one of the divisions sent north to fill the gap.
By 12 October, it was at Taganrog on the coast of the Black Sea, assigned to the Taganrog Group, which became part of the 56th Army in November.
With the army, the division fought in the Battle of Rostov and on the Mius during the winter of 1941–1942.
When Case Blue, the German summer offensive of 1942, began, the army and the division retreated into the Caucasus.
In July it was transferred to the 12th Army and in August to the North Caucasian Front's 18th Army.
The 31st suffered heavy losses in the defense of Tuapse, and on 29 August it was reinforced by the 818th Rifle Regiment, formed from the remnants of the 9th NKVD Motorized Division, which replaced the disbanded 177th Regiment.
At the end of the year, when the German retreat from the Caucasus began after their defeat in the Battle of Stalingrad, the division was transferred to the 46th Army, advancing north along the Black Sea coast.
Between March and May 1943, the 46th Army and the 31st Division were moved north in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command (RVGK), joining the Southwestern Front.
The division remained with the army in the front, which became the 3rd Ukrainian Front on 20 October, until the end of 1943.
During the Battle of the Dnieper, the division was transferred to the 2nd Ukrainian Front's 4th Guards Army.
It advanced into Romania in the Jassy–Kishinev Offensive with the front during July and August 1944, mostly part of the 4th Guards Army.
In September, the division was withdrawn to the RVGK with the 52nd Army's 78th Rifle Corps.
The division went back into combat in October with the corps and army, part of the 1st Ukrainian Front.
From January 1945, it fought in the Vistula–Oder Offensive.
In February, the 32nd Artillery Regiment was equipped with twenty 76 mm divisional gun M1942 (ZiS-3) and twelve 122 mm howitzer M1938 (M-30), practically full strength by the 1942–1943 tables of equipment and organization, but the regiment's vehicle park was very diverse, incorporating 29 Lend-Lease Studebaker US6 2½-ton 6x6 trucks, a 1½-ton Lend-Lease Chevrolet G506 truck, five Soviet-made trucks, four captured German trucks, and six Soviet tractors.
Towards the end of the war, despite a chronic shortage of riflemen, the division's artillery remained at full strength.
The division fought in the Berlin Offensive in April.
From 6 to 11 May, the 31st fought in the Prague Offensive, during which the army advanced south into Czechoslovakia from Bunzlau, reaching the Labe River northeast of Prague by the end of the operation.
During the war, it was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, the Order of Suvorov 2nd class, and the Order of Bogdan Khmelnitsky 2nd class.
The division and its corps were relocated to Poland with the 52nd Army in the area of Kielce, Częstochowa, and Kraków in June.
It became part of the Northern Group of Forces there.
In the fall of 1945, the army and the 31st Division with the corps were relocated to the Slavuta in the Lvov Military District in western Ukraine.
The division was disbanded in July 1946 along with the corps in the Carpathian Military District.
With the entry of the United States into World War I, the War Department believed it was necessary to establish an air presence along the Atlantic terminus of the Panama Canal as a defensive measure against an enemy seaborne attack.
In advancing its plans for the defense of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the United States, the joint Army-Navy board recommended the establishment of eight aeronautic stations which, with a strength of two dirigibles and six or eight seaplanes each, could immediately conduct patrol work.
Significantly, the only site definitely advanced as vital in the overall plan was that at the Coco Solo United States Navy submarine base near Colón in the Canal Zone.
The Army selected Captain Henry H. Arnold, then in training at the Army Aviation School at Rockwell Field, near San Diego, to proceed immediately to the Canal Zone and form and command an aviation squadron there.
This unit was designated the 7th Aero Squadron and was organized on 29 March 1917.
Captain Arnold did not remain long with the 7th Aero Squadron, however, as he returned to the United States in April 1917.
The squadron personnel arrived for duty in the Canal Zone with 51 officers and enlisted men.
Initially garrisoned at Ancón, Canal Zone at the end of March 1917, the unit moved to Corozal by 16 April.
They then moved to the large temporary camp at Empire, Canal Zone in May, all on the Pacific side of the isthmus – not making the move to Fort Sherman's parade field until around 29 August 1917, on the Atlantic side.
The unit did not receive its first aircraft until about 10 December 1917, when two Curtiss R-4's were tested at Fort Sherman.
These were followed by Curtiss R-6's on 12 February 1918 which were supplied by the Navy.
Besides its Curtiss R-4's and R-6's, the unit also had two Curtiss R-3's which, oddly, had arrived after the R-4's, in late December 1917.
With the end of World War I most of the 7th Aero Squadron's personnel were transferred back to the United States for demobilization.
After the war, the squadron evolved into the 7th Squadron (14 March 1921), 7th Observation Squadron (25 January 1925), 7th Reconnaissance Squadron (1 September 1937), 7th Reconnaissance Squadron (Medium Range) (6 December 1939) and 7th Reconnaissance Squadron (Heavy) (20 November 1940) before being finally redesignated as the 397th Bombardment Squadron (Heavy)  on 22 April 1942.
The squadron was assigned to the 6th Composite Group.
After World War I, the squadron is credited with having operated numerous aircraft types between 1919 and 1931.
These included,  the venerable U.S.-built Dayton-Wright DH-4 series of light bomber/general purpose aircraft; the Curtiss JN-4 "Jenny" family of trainers; the Loening OA-1 amphibians, these being uniquely suited to conditions in Panama, Douglas O-2 observation aircraft and, surprisingly, Curtiss HS-1 and HS-2L flying boats.
Of the DH-4's, the first six postwar examples, all virtually stock DH-4B's, arrived for duty with the 7th in February 1920, replacing the well-worn Curtiss R-6's and other earlier DH-4's.
By 16 February 1922, the squadron had seven "war-built" DH-4's, four DH-4B's, the solitary Curtiss JN-4H, three Curtiss JN-6's.
By August, all but one of the "war-built" DH-4's had been scrapped and one of the DH-4B's had been converted to DH-4BP-1 (photographic) configuration.
By June 1927, the squadron, now in a very lean peacetime stance, had but eight aircraft.
These consisted of four DH-4M's, a solitary DH-4B, a Loening OA-l and two Loening OA-1As.
In 1937, the 6th Group, which had been a composite unit since its establishment in 1919, became the 6th Bombardment Group.
The squadron was equipped with Douglas B-18 Bolos, although a single Northrop A-17 Nomad was also assigned for a period, together with a Sikorsky OA-8.
By 1 February 1940, the assignment to the 6th Bombardment Group was changed to an attachment, as the unit was reassigned to the 19th Composite Wing and placed under the control of the Caribbean Air Force staff as one of the dedicated reconnaissance elements reporting to that headquarters.
On 4 June 1941, it was assigned one Boeing B-17B Flying Fortress, the first production version of the Flying Fortress, which had been transferred to the command.
Obsolete as a bomber, the mission of the B-17B was long-range reconnaissance in the Canal Zone, although the aircraft retained its defensive machine guns for defense against any enemy aircraft it may encounter  On 8 October 1941, it was once again assigned to the 6th Bombardment Group and, on 27 November, the unit moved from France Field to the newly constructed Howard Field on the Pacific side, where it received four additional B-17Bs.
After the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor the Squadron was almost immediately deployed to David Field, Panama.
The Squadron's B-17 Flying Fortress aircraft deployed elsewhere (mainly to Guatemala City Airport) to begin the Pacific patrols in early January 1942.
The squadron was redesignated as the 397th Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) effective 22 April 1942.
The return to David Field came just in time for deployment of the unit as a whole from David to Talara Airfield, Peru, where it arrived on 18 August.
From there the squadron undertook the Pacific patrol arc out to Seymour Airport in the Galápagos Islands and, sometimes, on to Guatemala City Airport.
These flights continued, almost non-stop, through May 1943, when the unit was relieved and returned to Río Hato Field in Panama.
The LB-30's retained their original British serial numbers throughout their service with the squadron.
Upon its return to Rio Hato on 4 May 1943, the 397th was transformed, as an entirely new cadre of personnel replaced the veterans of the Galapagos and earlier tours there.
Three days later, the Squadron moved to Howard Field in the Canal Zone, although this was apparently a mere paper move of its headquarters, as the unit's aircraft and personnel actually remained at Rio Hato.
On 1 January 1944, the squadron received orders to deploy four of its LB-30's to France Field to participate in the search for several marauding German U-Boats which were causing considerable alarm in the Caribbean.
While at France Field, the aircraft also flew navigational and bombing exercises.
All of this was preparatory to the unit's deployment to the Galapagos Islands and, starting 7 April 1944, the ground echelon started movement to Balboa, Canal Zone, via truck for the transfer.
The air element got four more B-24J's on 8 April and, with these, flew with the earlier two B-24J's and two B-24D's to Seymour Field in the Galapagos.
Other missions, besides the normal long-distance patrols, saw 397th aircraft operating to Salinas Airport, Ecuador; Havana Airport, Cuba; Borinquen Field, Puerto Rico; Managua Airport, Nicaragua; Cartagena airport, Colombia and elsewhere throughout Central and South America.
In February 1945, the unit was relieved from duty in the Galapagos and returned to Rio Hato, where the unit ended the war, on 1 November 1946 when it was inactivated.
On 1 May 2015, the unit was redesignated 7th Reconnaissance Squadron.
It was reactivated at Naval Air Station Sigonella, Sicily, Italy on 15 May, where it replaced Detachment 1, 69th Reconnaissance Group.
It is assigned to the 69th Group at Grand Forks Air Force Base, North Dakota.
Hungarian expatriate Nicholas Straussler designed several armoured cars for Britain while living there between the two world wars.
Straussler came to an agreement with the Weiss Manfred factory of Csepel, Budapest to produce vehicles from his designs for use in his home country - the most prominent was the Csaba (named after the son of Attila the Hun) which was designed based on his experience of the Alvis AC2 armoured car.
After successful trials in 1939, the Hungarian Army placed an order for 61, and a further order for an additional 40 vehicles was placed in 1940.
Of these, twenty were used as actual fighting vehicles, with the remainder serving as armoured command cars and reconnaissance vehicles.
The Csaba had a 20 mm Solothurn anti-tank rifle and an 8 mm machine gun fixed on a centrally mounted turret, with 9 mm armoured plating.
The vehicle was also equipped with a detachable 8 mm light machine gun fired through the rear hatch in the anti-aircraft role.
The crew could dismount and carry this MG when conducting reconnaissance on foot.
It also had two driving positions - one at the front as normal, and an additional one at the rear.
The 40M Csaba was a command version armed only with the turret-mounted 8 mm machine gun.
This vehicle was fitted with a second R-4T radio, which had a large lattice radio mast.
The 3rd Armored Division Artillery was first constituted on 13 January 1941 in the Regular Army as the Artillery Section of the division headquarters, and activated on 15 April with the division at Camp Beauregard.
On 1 March 1942, it was redesignated as the Divisional Artillery Command.
After the end of World War II, it was inactivated in Germany on 10 November 1945.
While inactive, the Divisional Artillery Command was consolidated with the division Service Company (excluding for the Military Police Platoon), and redesignated as the Division Artillery.
The Division Artillery headquarters and headquarters battery (HHB) was reactivated with the division at Fort Knox on 30 July 1948.
On 1 July 1955, it was redesignated the 3rd Armored Division Artillery.
DIVARTY was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation for its actions in the war.
After returning to Germany, DIVARTY was inactivated there on 16 September 1991.
The 41st Brigade was a formation of the British Army.
It was one of the new army or Kitchener's Army brigades, and assigned to the 14th (Light) Division and served on the Western Front during the First World War.
The parallel 42° north passes through the southern end of Lake Michigan and Lake Erie.
Part of the water boundary between Canada and the United States passes south of the 42nd parallel.
The southern tip of the Canadian province of Ontario just barely goes south of it at Point Pelee and Pelee Island, while the southernmost portion of the Town of Essex at Colchester is located below the 42nd parallel.
"Afterimage" by Andrzej Wajda
4 Little Dream Songs is a series of 4 pieces for solo classical guitar, composed by Takashi Yoshimatsu in 1993.
It was written as a supplement to the composer's Tender Toys works and consists of transcriptions for guitar and harmonica of various melodies which were used in broadcasts and stage plays.
The sheet music for these pieces was issued together in Yoshimatsu Collected Works Vol.
3 for Guitar.
Following the outbreak of the Second Boer War in late 1899, a 4th Cavalry Brigade was established under the command of Major-General John Dickson.
The brigade was composed of squadrons from the 7th Dragoon Guards, 8th Hussars and 17th Lancers, with drafts from the 19th Hussars and 1st Dragoons, and was mobilized for service on 1 January 1900, leaving for South Africa the following month.
The Mounted Infantry for the brigade was 300 men strong, and was drawn from the 2nd Battalion Leicestershire Regiment, the 1st Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, the 1st Battalion Yorkshire Light Infantry, the 2nd Battalion Manchester Regiment, the 4th Battalion of the King's Royal Rifle Corps, and the 4th Battalion of the Rifle Brigade, with a machine-gun section from the 2nd Battalion Liverpool Regiment.
The No.
20 Field Hospital Royal Army Medical Corps was attached to the brigade.
4th Cavalry Brigade was a peacetime formation of the British Army, based in Eastern Command.
At the outbreak of the war, it was headquartered at Canterbury and commanded the 6th Dragoon Guards (Carabiniers) (at Canterbury), 3rd (King's Own) Hussars (at Shorncliffe) and 4th Signal Troop, Royal Engineers (at Canterbury).
A number of units were attached to the brigade: the 19th (Queen Alexandra's Own Royal) Hussars at Hounslow, the Woolwich-based X Brigade, RHA (P and R Batteries), II Brigade, RHA (consisting of just C Battery and based at Canterbury) and King Edward's Horse of the Special Reserve (based at Chelsea).
On mobilization, the brigade was brought up to its full – three regiment – strength with the addition of the Household Cavalry Composite Regiment; 4th Cavalry Brigade Field Ambulance also joined and the attached units departed at this point.
The brigade joined The Cavalry Division along with 1st, 2nd and 3rd Cavalry Brigades and moved to France in August 1914.
With The Cavalry Division, the brigade took part in a number of actions during the early war of movement: the Battle of Mons (23–24 August), the Battle of Le Cateau (26 August), the Action at Néry (1 September), the Battle of the Marne (6–9 September) and the Battle of the Aisne (12–15 September).
The brigade was transferred to the 2nd Cavalry Division on 14 October 1914 to bring it up to the standard three brigade strength.
It remained with the division on the Western Front until the end of the war.
In 1914, the brigade, with the division, took part in First Battle of Ypres, notably the battle of Gheluvelt (29–31 October).
On 11 November, the Household Cavalry Composite Regiment was broken up and its constituent squadrons rejoined their parent regiments.
The 1/1st Queen's Own Oxfordshire Hussars, a Yeomanry regiment, joined in its place.
In 1915, the division was in action at the Battle of Neuve Chapelle (10–12 March 1915) and the Second Battle of Ypres notably the Battle of St Julien (26 April–3 May) and the Battle of Bellewaarde Ridge (24–25 May).
On 28 February 1916, a Machine Gun Squadron was formed from the machine gun sections of the brigade's constituent regiments.
1916 saw no notable actions, but in 1917 the division saw action in the Battle of Arras (First Battle of the Scarpe, 9–11 April).
and the Battle of Cambrai (the Tank Attack of 20–21 November, the Capture of Bourlon Wood of 24–28 November and the German Counter-Attack of 30 November–3 December).
At other times, the brigade formed a dismounted unit and served in the trenches as a regiment under the command of the brigadier.
1918 saw the return of the war of movement and the division took part in the First Battle of the Somme notably the Battle of St Quentin (21–23 March), the Battle of the Lys (Battle of Hazebrouck of 14–15 April), the Battle of Amiens (8–11 August) and the Second Battle of the Somme (Battle of Albert of 21–23 August and the Second Battle of Bapaume of 31 August–3 September).
The division was then split up with the 4th Cavalry Brigade serving with Third Army.
The brigade took part in the battles of the Hindenburg Line, notably the Battle of the Canal du Nord (27 September–1 October) and the Pursuit to the Selle (9–12 October).
Its final action was to take part in the Advance in Picardy (17 October–11 November) including the Battle of the Sambre (4 November), still with Third Army.
At the Armistice, the brigade had reached Erquelinnes with Third Army.
On 15 November, the division was re-assembled near Maubeuge and ordered to advance into Germany as an advance screen for Fourth Army and form part of the Occupation Force.
The move began on 17 November, Ciney and Rochefort were reached five days later.
In late December, the division moved to winter quarters south and south-east of Liège.
It remained here until 30 January 1919 when it exchanged regiments with 1st and 3rd Cavalry Divisions then gradually moved back to England.
The Division ceased to exist at midnight 31 March / 1 April 1919.
The 4th Cavalry Brigade was reformed in October 1939 and took command of a composite regiment of Household Cavalry and two Yeomanry regiments (North Somerset Yeomanry and Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry).
It joined the 1st Cavalry Division when it was formed on 31 October 1939.
With the 1st Cavalry Division, the 4th Cavalry Brigade departed the United Kingdom in February 1940, transited across France, and arrived in Palestine on 20 February 1940.
It served as a garrison force under British Forces, Palestine and Trans-Jordan.
From 6 May 1941 the brigade, together with a battalion of infantry from the Essex Regiment, a mechanised regiment from the Arab Legion and supporting artillery was organised as Habforce for operations in Iraq including the relief of the base at RAF Habbaniya and the occupation of Baghdad.
Following this, in July 1941 it was placed under the command of I Australian Corps and was involved in operations against the Vichy French in Syria, advancing from eastern Iraq near the Trans-Jordan border on Palmyra to secure the Haditha – Tripoli oil pipeline.
On 1 August 1941, the Division was converted into the 10th Armoured Division and the 4th Cavalry Brigade into the 9th Armoured Brigade.
9th Armoured Brigade would later take part in the Second Battle of El Alamein and the Italian Campaign.
The lyrics deal with the street life, how it has changed people and turned friends against each other.
It is also considered a dedication to B.G.
Knocc and Dresta's deceased friend, gangsta rap pioneer Eazy-E.
The song contains an interpolation of "When Somebody Loves You Back" by Teddy Pendergrass.
The song peaked at number 68 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, number 27 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number five on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
On 11 January 1890 the British government of Lord Salisbury sent the Portuguese government an ultimatum in the form of a "memorandum", demanding the retreat of the Portuguese military forces led by Serpa Pinto from the territory between the colonies of Angola and Mozambique (in the current Zimbabwe and Zambia), an area claimed by Portugal under the Pink Map.
The swift yielding by the Portuguese to the British demands was seen as a national humiliation by a broad cross-section of the population and the elite, initiating a movement of deep dissatisfaction in relation with the new king, Carlos I of Portugal, the royal family and the institution of the monarchy, which were seen as responsible for the alleged process of "national decline".
The situation was aggravated by the severe financial crisis that occurred between 1890 and 1891, when the money sent from emigrants in Brazil decreased by 80% with the so-called crisis of encilhamento following the proclamation of the republic in Brazil two months previously, an event that was followed with apprehension by the monarchic government and with jubilation by the defenders of the republic in Portugal.
The republicans knew how to take advantage of the dissatisfaction, initiating an increase of their social support base that would climax in the demise of the regime.
On 14 January, the progressive government fell and the leader of the Regenerador Party, António de Serpa Pimentel, was chosen to form the new government.
The progressivists then began to attack the king, voting for republican candidates in the March election of that year, questioning the colonial agreement then signed with the British.
Feeding an atmosphere of near insurrection, on 23 March 1890, António José de Almeida, at the time a student in the University of Coimbra and, later on, President of the Republic, published an article entitled "Bragança, o último", considered slanderous against the king and led to Almeida's imprisonment.
On 1 April 1890, the explorer Silva Porto self-immolated wrapped in a Portuguese flag in Kuito, Angola, after failed negotiations with the locals, under orders of Paiva Couceiro, which he attributed to the ultimatum.
The death of the well-known explorer of the African continent generated a wave of national sentiment, and his funeral was followed by a crowd in Porto.
On 11 April, Guerra Junqueiro's poetic work Finis Patriae, a satire criticising the King, went on sale.
In the city of Porto, on 31 January 1891, a military uprising against the monarchy took place, constituted mainly by sergeants and enlisted ranks.
The rebels, who used the nationalist anthem A Portuguesa as their marching song, took the Paços do Concelho, from whose balcony, the republican journalist and politician Augusto Manuel Alves da Veiga proclaimed the establishment of the republic in Portugal and hoisted a red and green flag belonging to the Federal Democratic Centre.
The movement was, shortly afterwards, suppressed by a military detachment of the municipal guard that remained loyal to the government, resulting in 40 injured and 12 casualties.
The captured rebels were judged.
250 received sentences of between 18 months and 15 years of exile in Africa.
A Portuguesa was forbidden.
Despite its failure, the rebellion of 31 January 1891 was the first large threat felt by the monarchic regime and a sign of what would come almost two decades later.
On 3 October 1910 the republican uprising foreshadowed by the political unrest finally took place.
Although many of those involved in the republican cause avoided participation in the uprising, making it seem like the revolt had failed, it eventually succeeded thanks to the government's inability to gather enough troops to control the nearly two hundred armed revolutionaries that resisted in the Rotunda.
In summer of 1910 Lisbon was teeming with rumours and many times the President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) Teixeira de Sousa was warned of imminent coups d'état.
The revolution was not an exception: the coup was expected by the government, who on 3 October gave orders for all the garrison troops of the city to be on guard.
After a dinner offered in honour of D. Manuel II by Brazilian president Hermes da Fonseca, then on a state visit to Portugal, the monarch retreated to the Palace of Necessidades while his uncle and sworn heir to the throne, prince D. Afonso, went on to the Citadel of Cascais.
After the murder of Miguel Bombarda, shot by one of his patients, the republican leaders assembled with urgency on the night of the 3rd.
Some officials were against the meeting due to the strong military presence, but Admiral Cândido dos Reis insisted for it to take place, saying "A Revolução não será adiada: sigam-me, se quiserem.
Havendo um só que cumpra o seu dever, esse único serei eu."
("The Revolution will not be delayed: follow me, if you want.
If there is one that fulfills their duty, this one will be me.
").
Machado Santos had already got into action and did not attend the assembly.
Instead, he went to the military quarters of the 16th Infantry Regiment where a revolutionary corporal had triggered a rebellion involving the majority of the garrison.
A commander and a captain were killed when they made an attempt to control it.
Entering a barracks with dozens of members of the Carbonária, the naval officer went on with about 100 soldiers that entered the 1st Artillery Regiment, where Captain Afonso Palla and a few sergeants and civilians, had already taken the administration building and captured all officers that refused to join them.
With the arrival of Machado Santos two columns were formed which were placed under the leadership of captains Sá Cardoso and Palla.
The first went to meet the 2nd Infantry Regiment and the 2nd Caçadores Regiment, also sympathisers of the rebellion, to go on to Alcântara where it was to support the naval barracks.
The original route intersected with a Municipal Guard outpost which forced the column to follow a different route.
After a few confrontations with the police and civilians, it finally found the column led by Palla.
Together, the columns advanced to Rotunda, where they entrenched at around 5am.
The stationed force was composed of around 200 to 300 men of the 1st Artillery Regiment, 50 to 60 men of the 16th Infantry Regiment and around 200 civilians.
The captains Sá Cardoso and Palla and the naval commissary Machado Santos were among the 9 officers in command.
Meanwhile, Lieutenant Ladislau Parreira and some officers and civilians entered the barracks of the Naval Corps of Alcântara at 1am, managing to take arms, provoke a revolt and capture the commanders, one of whom was wounded.
The aim of this action was to prevent the exit of the cavalry unit of the Municipal Guard, an aim that was achieved.
For this end, they required the support of 3 warships anchored in the Tagus.
By this time, Lieutenant Mendes Cabeçadas had already taken command of the mutinied crew of the NRP Adamastor while the mutinied crew of the São Rafael waited for an officer to command it.
At about 7am Ladislau Parreira, having been informed by civilians of the situation, sent the Second-Lieutenant Tito de Morais to take command of the São Rafael, with orders for both ships to support the garrison of the barracks.
When it became known that on the ship D. Carlos I the crew had begun a mutiny but the officers had entrenched, Lieutenant Carlos da Maia and a few sailors left the São Rafael.
After some gunfire from which a lieutenant and a ship commander became wounded, the officers gave up control of the D. Carlos I, yielding it to the hands of the republicans.
That was the last unit to join the rebels, which included by then part of the 1st Artillery Regiment, 16th Infantry Regiment, the naval corps and the three warships.
Navy members had joined in large numbers as expected, but many military sections considered sympathizers with the cause hadn't joined.
Even so, the republican forces included about 400 men in Rotunda, 1000 to 1500 in Alcântara counting the naval crews, as well as having managed to take hold of the city's artillery, with most of the ammunition, to which was added the naval artillery.
Rotunda and Alcântara were occupied, but concrete plans for the revolution had not yet been decided and the main leaders hadn't yet appeared.
In spite of this, the beginning of the events did not occur favorably for the rebels.
The three cannon shots – the accorded signal for the civilians and military to advance – did not take place.
Only a shot was heard and the Admiral Cândido dos Reis, expecting the signal to take command of the warships, was informed that everything had failed, which prompted him to retire to his sister's house.
The next morning his dead body was found in Arroios.
In desperation, he had committed suicide by a shot to the head.
Meanwhile, in Rotunda, the apparent calm in the city was so discouraging to the rebels that officers preferred to give up.
Sá Cardoso, Palla and other officers retired to their houses, but Machado Santos stayed and assumed command.
This decision proved fundamental to the success of the revolution.
The military garrison of Lisbon was composed by four infantry regiments, two cavalry regiments and two light infantry battalions, with a theoretical total of 6982 men.
However, in practice, there were other useful units in military outposts used for lookout and general police duties, especially in the industrial district of Barreiro due to the bout of strikes and syndicalist activity that had been ongoing since September .
Ever since the previous year the government forces had a plan of action, drawn up by order of the military commander of Lisbon, General Manuel Rafael Gorjão Henriques.
When, on the evening of the 3rd, the President of the Council of Ministers Teixeira de Sousa informed him of the imminence of a revolt, a prevention order was soon sent to the garrisons in the city.
The units of Artillery 3 and Light Infantry 6 were called from Santarém, while Infantry 15 was called from Tomar.
As soon as news of the revolt was received, the plan was put into practice: the 1st Infantry, 2nd Infantry, 2nd Light Infantry and 2nd Cavalry regiments and the artillery battery of Queluz, went to the Palace of Necessidades to protect the king, while Infantry 5 and Light Infantry 5 moved to Rossio Square, with the mission to protect the military headquarters.
As for the police force and municipal guards, they were distributed through the city as set out in the plan, intended to protect strategic points such as Rossio Railway Station, the gas factory, the  Imprensa Nacional-Casa da Moeda (the Portuguese mint), the postal building, the Carmo barracks, the ammunition depot in Beirolas and the residence of the President of the Council of Ministers, where the government had assembled.
Little is known of the Fiscal Guard (a total of 1397 men), only that a few soldiers were with the troops in Rossio.
The civil police (total of 1200 men) stayed in the squads.
This inaction decreased the effective government forces by approximately 2600 men.
The fact that some units of the monarchical side sympathised with the republicans, combined with the abandonment by the rebels of the original plan of action, opting instead for entrenchment in Rotunda and Alcântara, led to a situation of impasse throughout 4 October, with all manner of rumours about victories and defeats spreading through the city.
As soon as news of the concentration of rebels in Rotunda were received, the military command of the city organised a detachment to break them up.
The column, under the command of Colonel Alfredo Albuquerque, was formed by units that had been removed from the protection of the Palace of Necessidades: Infantry 2, Cavalry 2 and the mobile battery of Queluz.
The latter included the colonial war hero Henrique Mitchell de Paiva Couceiro.
The column advanced until near the prison, where it assumed combat positions.
However, before these were completed, the column was attacked by rebels.
The attack was repelled but resulted in a few wounded men, several dead pack animals and the scattering of about half the infantry.
Paiva Couceiro responded with cannons and the infantry that remained during 45 minutes, ordering an attack that was carried out by around 30 soldiers, but which was beaten with some casualties.
Continuing the gunfire, he ordered a new attack, but only 20 soldiers followed the order.
Thinking that he had found the right time to assault the barracks of Artillery 1, Paiva Couceiro requested reinforcement to the division's command.
However, he received the perplexing order to retreat.
Meanwhile, a column had been formed with the intention to attack simultaneously the rebels in Rotunda, a plan that was never carried out because of the order to retreat.
The column reached Rossio in the evening without having joined combat.
This inaction was not caused by the incompetence of its commander, General António Carvalhal, as would become clear the next day, when he was named chief of the Military Division for the republican government: he had changed sides.
Reinforcements from other parts of the country, expected by the government throughout 4 October, never arrived.
Only the units already mentioned and called for the preventive measures received orders to advance.
Since the beginning of the revolution, members of the Carbonária had disconnected the telegraph lines, thus cutting communication with units outside Lisbon.
In addition, the rebels had cut off the railway tracks, which meant that even if the troops followed the orders to advance on Lisbon, they would never arrive on time.
Reinforcements from the Setúbal peninsula were also unlikely to arrive, since the Tagus river was controlled by rebel ships.
Towards the end of the day the situation was difficult for the monarchical forces: the rebel ships were docked beside the Palace Square and the cruiser São Rafael opened fire on the ministry buildings in the bewildered sight of the Brazilian diplomatic corps aboard battleship São Paulo, whose passenger list included the elected president Hermes da Fonseca.
This attack undermined the morale of the pro-government forces in Rossio.
After the dinner with Hermes da Fonseca, D. Manuel II had returned to the Palace of Necessidades, keeping the company of a few officers.
They were playing bridge when the rebels began an attack on the building.
The king attempted some phone calls but, finding that the lines had been cut, managed only to inform the Queen Mother, who was in Pena National Palace, about the situation.
Soon afterwards, groups of units that were loyal to the king arrived at the scene and managed to defeat the attacks of the revolutionaries.
At 9 o'clock the king received a phone call from the president of the Council, advising him to find refuge in Mafra or Sintra, since the rebels were threatening to bomb the Palace of Necessidades.
D.Manuel II refused to leave, saying to those present: "Go if you want, I'm staying.
Since the constitution doesn't appoint me any role other than of letting myself be killed, I will abide by it."
With the arrival of the mobile battery from Queluz, the pieces were arranged in the palace gardens so that they could bombard the quarters of the revolutionary sailors, which were located at no more than 100 metres from the palace.
However, before they had time to start, the commander of the battery received the order to cancel the bombing and join the forces that were leaving the palace, integrated into the column that would attack the rebel forces of Artillery 1 in the Rotunda.
At around midday the cruisers Adamastor and São Rafael, which had anchored in front of the sailors' quarters, started the bombardment of the Palace of Necessidades, an action which served to demoralise the present monarchical forces.
The king took refuge in a small house in the palace's park, where he could ring Teixeira de Sousa, since the revolutionaries had only cut the special state telephone lines and not the general network.
The king ordered the prime minister to send the battery from Queluz to the palace to prevent a naval landing, but the prime minister replied that the main action was happening in Rotunda and all the troops that were there were needed.
Taking into account that the available troops were not sufficient to defeat the rebels in Rotunda, the prime minister made it obvious to the king that it would be more convenient to retire to Sintra or Mafra so that the stationed forces of the palace could reinforce the troops in Rotunda.
At two o'clock the vehicles with D. Manuel II and his advisors set out to Mafra, where the Infantry School would provide enough forces to protect the monarch.
While approaching Benfica the king dismissed the municipal guard squad that escorted him so that they could join the fight against the rebels.
The escort arrived in Mafra at around four o'clock in the afternoon, but then discovered a problem: due to the holidays, the Infantry School contained only 100 soldiers, as opposed to the 800 that were expected, and the person in charge, Colonel Pinto da Rocha, admitted to not having the means to protect the king.
In the meantime, Counsellor João de Azevedo Coutinho arrived and advised the king to call to Mafra the queens D. Amélia and D. Maria Pia (respectively, the king's mother and grandmother), who were in the palaces of Pena and Vila in Sintra, and to prepare to continue on to Porto, where they would organise a resistance.
In Lisbon, the king's departure did not bring a large advantage to the government since the majority of the troops now available to engage the rebel forces did not follow the orders to march to Rossio Square to prevent the concentration of rebel artillery in Alcântara.
In Mafra, on the morning of 5 October, the king was looking for a way to reach Porto, an action that would be very difficult to carry out due to the almost non-existence of an escort and the innumerable revolutionary hubs spread throughout the country.
At around midday the President of the Municipal Chamber of Mafra received a message from the new civil governor ordering the switching to a republican flag.
Soon afterwards the commander of the Infantry School also received a telegram from his new commander informing him of the current political situation.
The position of the royal family was becoming unsustainable.
The solution appeared when news arrived that the royal yacht Amélia had anchored nearby, in Ericeira.
By 2am the yacht had collected from Cascais Citadel the king's uncle and heir to the throne, D. Afonso, and knowing that the king was in Mafra, had moved to Ericeira, as it was the closest anchorage.
D. Manuel II, knowing that with the proclamation of the Republic he would be imprisoned, decided to go to Porto.
The royal family and some company departed for Ericeira where, by means of two fishing ships and in the presence of curious civilians, they embarked on the royal yacht.
Once on board, the king wrote to the prime minister:
My dear Teixeira de Sousa, forced by the circumstances I find myself obliged to embark on the royal yacht "Amélia".
I'm Portuguese and will always be.
I have the conviction of having always fulfilled my duties as King in all the circumstances and of having put my heart and my life on the service to the Country.
I hope that it, convinced of my rights and my dedication, will recognise this!
Viva Portugal!
Give this letter all the publicity you can.
— D. Manuel II
After ensuring that the letter would reach its destination, the king announced that he wanted to go to Porto.
He met with an advisory council, the officers on board and part of the escort.
Amélia's Captain João Agnelo Velez Caldeira Castelo Branco and Chief Officer João Jorge Moreira de Sá opposed the opinion of the monarch, claiming that if Porto turned them away, they would not have enough fuel to reach a different anchorage.
Despite the insistence of D. Manuel II, the Chief Officer argued that they carried on board the whole royal family, so his main duty was to protect their lives.
In the end, the chosen port was Gibraltar.
Once there, the king found out that Porto had also joined the republican cause.
D. Manuel sent orders that the ship, being legally the Portuguese State's property, be returned to Lisbon.
The deposed king would live out the rest of his life in exile.
In relation to the flag, there were two inclinations: one of keeping the blue and white colours, traditional of Portuguese flags, and another of using "more republican" colours: green and red.
The committee's proposal suffered several alterations, with the final design being rectangular, with the first two fifths closest to the flagpole to be green, and the three remaining fifths, red.
Green was chosen because it was considered the "colour of hope", while red was chosen as a "combative, hot, virile" colour.
The project of the flag was approved by the Provisional Government by vote on 19 November 1910.
On 1 December was celebrated the Feast of the Flag in front of the Municipal Chamber of Lisbon.
The National Constituting Assembly promulgated the adoption of the flag on 19 June 1911.
On 19 June 1911 the National Constitutional Assembly proclaimed A Portuguesa as the national anthem, replacing the old anthem Hymno da Carta in use since May 1834, and its status as national symbol was included in the new constitution.
A Portuguesa was composed in 1890, with music by Alfredo Keil and lyrics by Henrique Lopes de Mendonça, in response to the 1890 British Ultimatum.
Because of its patriotic character, it had been used, with slight modifications, by the rebels of the 1891 uprising in a failed attempt at a coup d'état to establish a republic in Portugal, an event which caused the anthem to be forbidden by the monarchic authorities.
The anthem was later modified; the official version used today in national civil and military ceremonies and during visits of foreign heads of state was approved on 4 September 1957.
The official bust of the Republic was chosen through a national competition promoted by Lisbon's city council in 1911, in which nine sculptors participated.
The winning entry was that of Francisco dos Santos and is currently exposed in the Municipal Chamber.
The original piece is found in Casa Pia, an institution from which the sculptor was alumnus.
There is another bust that was adopted as the face of the Republic, designed by José Simões de Almeida in 1908.
The original is found in the Municipal Chamber of Figueiró dos Vinhos.
The model for this bust was Ilda Pulga, a young shop employee from Chiado.
According to journalist António Valdemar, who, when he became president of the National Academy of Art asked the sculptor João Duarte to restore the original bust:
Simões found the face of the girl funny and invited her to be a model.
The mother said that she'd allow it but with two conditions: that she would be present in the sessions and that the daughter would not be undressed.
— António Valdemar
The bust shows Republic wearing a Phrygian cap, influence of the French Revolution.
Simões' bust was soon adopted by Freemasonry and used in the funerals of Miguel Bombarda and Cândido dos Reis, but when the final contest took place, despite its relative popularity, it was second place to the bust by Francisco dos Santos.
Republican leaders adopted a severe and highly controversial policy of anticlericalism.
At home, the policy polarised society and lost the republic potential supporters, and abroad it offended American and European states which had their citizens engaged in religious work there, adding substantially to the republic's bad press.
The persecution of the church was so overt and severe that it drove the irreligious and nominally religious to a new religiosity and gained the support of Protestant diplomats such as the British, who, seeing their citizens' religious institutions in a grave dispute over their rights and property, threatened to deny recognition of the young republic.
The revolution and the republic which it spawned were essentially anticlerical and had a "hostile" approach to the issue of church and state separation, like that of the French Revolution, the Spanish Constitution of 1931 and the Mexican Constitution of 1917.
Secularism began to be discussed in Portugal back in the 19th century, during the Casino Conferences in 1871, promoted by Antero de Quental.
The republican movement associated the Catholic Church with the monarchy, and opposed its influence in Portuguese society.
The secularisation of the Republic constituted one of the main actions to be taken in the political agenda of the Portuguese Republican Party and the Freemasonry.
Monarchists in a last-ditch effort sought to outflank the republicans by enacting anticlerical measures of their own, even enacting a severe restriction on the Jesuits on the day before the revolution.
Soon after the establishment of the Republic, on 8 October 1910, Minister for Justice Afonso Costa reinstated Marquess of Pombal's laws against the Jesuits, and Joaquim António de Aguiar's laws in relation to religious orders.
The Church's property and assets were expropriated by the State.
The religious oath and other religious elements found in the statutes of the University of Coimbra were abolished, and matriculations into first year of the Theology Faculty were cancelled, as were places in the Canon law course, suppressing the teaching of Christian doctrine.
Religious holidays turned into working days, keeping however the Sunday as a resting day for labour reasons.
As well as that, the Armed forces were forbidden from participating in religious solemn events.
Divorce and family laws were approved which considered marriage as a "purely civil contract"
Bishops were persecuted, expelled or suspended from their activities in the course of the secularisation.
All but one were driven from their dioceses.
the property of clerics was seized by the state, wearing of the cassock was banned, all minor seminaries were closed and all but five major seminaries.
A law of 22 February 1918 permitted only two seminaries in the country, but they had not been given their property back.
Religious orders were expelled from the country, including 31 orders comprising members in 164 houses (in 1917 some orders were permitted to form again).
Religious education was prohibited in both primary and secondary school.
In response to the several anticlerical decrees, Portuguese bishops launched a collective pastoral defending the Church's doctrine, but its reading was prohibited by the government.
In spite of this, some prelates continued to publicise the text, among which was the bishop of Porto, António Barroso.
This resulted in him being called to Lisbon by Afonso Costa, where he was stripped from his ecclesiastic functions.
The secularisation peaked with the Law of Separation of the State and the Church on 20 April 1911, with a large acceptance by the revolutionaries.
The law was only promulgated by the Assembly in 1914, but its implementation was immediate after the publishing of the decree.
The Portuguese Church tried to respond, classifying the law as "injustice, oppression, spoliation and mockery", but without success.
Afonso Costa even predicted the eradication of Catholicism in the space of three generations.
The application of the law began on 1 July 1911, with the creation of a "Central Commission".
As one commentator put it, "ultimately the Church was to survive the official vendetta against organized religion".
On 24 May 1911, Pope Pius X issued the encyclical Iamdudum which condemned the anticlericals for their deprivation of religious civil liberties and the "incredible series of excesses and crimes which has been enacted in Portugal for the oppression of the Church."
A major concern of the new republican government was recognition by other nations.
In 1910, the vast majority of European states were monarchies.
Only France, Switzerland and San Marino were republics.
For this reason, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Provisional Government, Bernardino Machado, directed his agenda exercising extreme prudence, leading him, on 9 October 1910, to communicate to diplomatic representatives in Portugal that the Provisional Government would honour all the international commitments assumed by the previous regime.
Since marshal Hermes da Fonseca personally witnessed the full process of transition of the regime, having arrived in Portugal on an official visit when the country was still a monarchy and left when it was a republic, it is not unusual that Brazil was the first country to recognise de jure the new Portuguese political regime.
On 22 October the Brazilian government declared that "Brazil will do all that is possible for the happiness of the noble Portuguese Nation and its Government, and for the prosperity of the new Republic".
The next day would be Argentina's turn; on the 29 it was Nicaragua; on the 31, Uruguay; on 16 and 19 November, Guatemala and Costa Rica; Peru and Chile on 5 and 19 November; Venezuela on 23 February 1911; Panama on 17 March.
In June 1911 the United States declared support.
Less than a month after the revolution, on 10 November 1910, the British government recognised de facto the Portuguese Republic, manifesting "the liveliest wish of His Britannic Majesty to maintain friendly relations" with Portugal.
An identical position was taken by the Spanish, French and Italian governments.
However, de jure recognition of the new regime only emerged after the approval of the Constitution and the election of the President of the Republic.
The French Republic was the first to do it on 24 August 1911, day of the election of the first president of the Portuguese Republic.
Only on 11 September did the United Kingdom recognise the Republic, accompanied by Germany, the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Denmark, Spain, Italy and Sweden.
On 12 September, they were followed by Belgium, the Netherlands and Norway; on 13 September, China and Japan; on 15 September, Greece; on 30 September, Russia; on 23 October, Romania; on 23 November, Turkey; on 21 December, Monaco; and on 28 February 1912, Siam.
Owing to the tensions created between the young Republic and the Catholic Church, interaction with the Holy See was suspended, and the Holy See did not recognise the Portuguese Republic until 29 June 1919.
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface.
Edmonton scored quickly in the first quarter when running back Roy Bell found a big hole in the left side for a 38-yard touchdown run.
Rick Cassata, the Riders' backup quarterback who was replacing injured Jerry Keeling responded with a 38-yard touchdown pass-and-run to Rhome Nixon.
Late in the quarter, however, Tom Wilkinson was knocked out of bounds by Ottawa's Wayne Smith and suffered a rib injury.
He was replaced by backup Bruce Lemmerman.
Lemmerman took the Eskimos close enough for Dave Cutler to kick a field goal, giving them a 10-7 lead at the end of the first quarter.
A low snap to Edmonton punter Garry Lefebvre caused him to bobble the ball in the end zone, and he was tackled for a safety by Ottawa's Wayne Tosh at 21 seconds of the second quarter.
Gerry Organ kicked a 46-yard field goal in the last minute of the half.
The half-time score was 12-10 for Ottawa.
Ottawa increased its lead with an 18-yard touchdown run by Jim Evenson at 9:45 of the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter, Lemmerman suffered an arm injury, and Wilkinson, his rib injury frozen, came off the bench to bring some life to the Eskimo offence.
Edmonton receiver Tyrone Walls fumbled after receiving a Wilkinson pass on Edmonton's 47.
Wayne Tosh recovered and Organ kicked another Ottawa field goal from the 39.
Edmonton then scored a single and Lefebvre, who played both ways as well as being the punter, caught a Wilkinson touchdown pass with seven seconds left, but it was not enough to erase Ottawa's 12 point lead.
Ottawa Defensive End Charlie Brandon was named Most Valuable Player and Garry Lefebvre was named Most Valuable Canadian.
This would be the first a string of nine Grey Cup appearances for the Edmonton Eskimos from 1973 to 1982.
The only year they missed the Grey Cup during that span was 1976, when the Saskatchewan Roughriders defeated them in the West Final.
Edmonton was victorious in six of their nine appearances (1975, and five straight from 1978-82).
This was the last Grey Cup game played at CNE Stadium prior to its renovations in the mid-1970s in anticipation of receiving a Major League Baseball team in Toronto; it would come in the form of the Blue Jays in 1977.
By the next Grey Cup game played at the stadium in 1976, the renovation and expansion had been completed.
The 67th Combat Support Hospital was the only forward deployed combat support hospital in Europe with both warfighter support and community service missions.
Medical readiness was the primary concern for the unit.
Located in the heart of the European theater, the 67th Combat Support Hospital stood ready to provide Echelon III health care around the globe.
The 67th Combat Support Hospital was originally constituted as Evacuation Hospital No 67 on 21 July 1924 in the organized reserves and was allocated the VII Corps area.
On 23 March 1925, Evacuation Hospital No.
67 was redesignated as the 67th Evacuation Hospital.
Then, on 1 October 1933, the 67th Evacuation Hospital was withdrawn as an organized reserve unit and allocated to the VII Army as a regular Army Unit, inactive.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital was activated on 16 March 1942 at Fort Rodman, Massachusetts, and assigned to the first Army.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital was redesignated as the 67th Evacuation, Semi-mobile in February 1943.
The unit staged for movement to the European Theater of operations, arriving in Scotland on 29 November 1943, and was reassigned to the First US Army and moved to England.
From 30 November 1943 to 16 June 1944 the unit trained at several locations in Gloucestershire, England.
On 17 June 1944, the 67th Evacuation Hospital, semi-mobile landed at Utah Beach, Normandy.
The unit participated in the Normandy, Northern France, Rhineland, Ardennes Pass-Alsace, and Central Europe campaigns during WWII, and was decorated with the meritorious unit commendation streamer embroidered European Theater.
In December 1945, the 67th Evacuation Hospital, semi-mobile returned to the United States and was inactivated at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey on 1 January 1946.
The unit was redesignated as the 67th Evacuation Hospital on 10 June 1963 and activated at Fort Carson, Colorado.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital deployed to Qui Nhon, Vietnam in October 1966, and moved to Pleiku in January 1972.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital participated in 15 campaigns during the Vietnam War and was decorated with three meritorious unit commendation streamers embroidered Vietnam 1967–1968 and 1970–1972 and 1972-1973.
In March 1973, the 67th Evacuation Hospital was inactivated in Pleiku, Vietnam.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital was again activated on 21 November 1975 in Heidelberg, Germany and was assigned to augment the United States Army Medical Department Activity, Würzburg on the following day.
The 67th Evacuation Hospital was officially redesignated the 67th Combat Support Hospital on 16 July 1993.
The 67th Combat Support Hospital deployed to the Balkans to support operations in Hungary and Bosnia, from 12 December 1995 to 12 April 1997.
It redeployed to Hungary and Bosnia from 8 April 1998 to 8 October 1998 as Task Force 67 and Task Force Med Eagle respectively in support of SFOR.
The 67th Combat Support Hospital deployed a 32-bed expandable to 52 bed Contingency Medical Force (CMF) consisting of 100+ personnel on 3 July 1999 to Camp Bondsteel, Kosovo in support of Task Force Falcon, Operation Joint Guardian II.
The CMF was named Task Force MED Falcon and assumed the level III medical mission in Kosovo on 14 July 1999.
The 67th CSH returned to Kosovo in 2002 for another 12-month rotation in support of Task Force Medical Falcon that ended in April 2003.
Deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) from January 2004 to January 2005 running split based operations in Mosul and Tikrit.
The Task Force (TF) 67 Headquarters and Company B operated out of Forward Operating Base (FOB) Diamondback, and Company A operating out of FOB Speicher.
TF 67 also provided the nucleus of the Medical Unit that operated as the first medical support at the Baghdad Central Detention Facility (Abu Ghraib), augmented by a Forward Surgical Team (FST) and individual medical personnel augmentees from other 2nd Medical Brigade Units.
TF 67 initial fell under the command and control of the 30th Medical Brigade who had deployed from Heidelberg, Germany, in support of OIF 1.
Shortly after TF 67 assumed its deployment mission in Iraq the 30th Medical Brigade was replaced by the Army Reserve 2nd Medical Brigade.
The 2nd Medical Brigade was replaced about nine months later by the 44th Medical Brigade based out of Fort Bragg, NC.
TF 67 was replaced in Iraq by the Army Reserve's 228th Combat Support Hospital based out of Texas.
Three 67th CSH Soldiers received the Purple Heart for their combat wounds; SSG Churukah, SGT P. (male Patient Admin Clerk, and PFC K (female Food Service).
The 67th Combat Support Hospital was deactivated at Würzburg, Germany on 19 October 2007 as part of the draw down of US forces in Germany.
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1777, the State Senators were elected on general tickets in the senatorial districts, and were then divided into four classes.
Six senators each drew lots for a term of 1, 2, 3 or 4 years and, beginning at the election in April 1778, every year six Senate seats came up for election to a four-year term.
Assemblymen were elected countywide on general tickets to a one-year term, the whole assembly being renewed annually.
On May 8, 1777, the Constitutional Convention had appointed the senators from the Southern District, and the assemblymen from Kings, New York, Queens, Richmond and Suffolk counties—the area which was under British control—and determined that these appointees serve in the Legislature until elections could be held in those areas, presumably after the end of the American Revolutionary War.
Vacancies among the appointed members in the Senate should be filled by the Assembly, and vacancies in the Assembly by the Senate.
The State elections were held from April 30 to May 2, 1782.
Under the determination by the Constitutional Convention, senators Isaac Roosevelt and John Morin Scott, whose seats were up for election, continued in office, as well as the assemblymen from Kings, New York, Queens, Richmond and Suffolk counties.
Jacob G. Klock and Abraham Yates Jr. (both Western D.) were re-elected.
William Allison (Middle D.) was also elected to the Senate.
Two members who had been expelled previously were elected again to the Senate: Ephraim Paine (Middle D., to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Levi Pawling) and Assemblyman John Williams (Eastern D.)
The State Legislature met in Poughkeepsie, the seat of Dutchess County.
The Senate met first on July 8, 1782, the Assembly on July 11; and they adjourned on July 25.
On July 22, James Duane was appointed by the Assembly to fill the vacancy caused by the absence of Sir James Jay.
The Legislature reconvened in Kingston, the seat of Ulster County, on January 27, 1783; and the Assembly adjourned on March 23, the Senate on March 27.
As World War II progressed, German manpower available for military service declined and this was exacerbated by the severe losses suffered in Normandy, Tunisia and Stalingrad, for example.
Groups of men, previously declared unfit for active service, were drafted or recalled into service.
These included those with stomach complaints and it was decided that these men would be concentrated into one formation to facilitate the provision of special foods and to isolate infectious or unpleasant conditions (hence the unofficial description of "White Bread" or Magen (Stomach) Division).
In August, 1944, the Division garrisoned Walcheren Island and South Beveland and in October consolidated on Walcheren during the assault by the II Canadian Corps.
Although not a first-class formation, the 70th was installed in static defences and supported by ample heavy artillery, held out for several days.
The Division, left with no escape route from Walcheren, surrendered on 5 November 1944 and 10,000 Germans became prisoners of war.
Later, during the Battle of the Bulge, the Germans employed another "Stomach" unit, the Infantrie Ersatz und Ausbildungs Battaillon 282 (M), referred to as "Stomach Trouble Battalion 282" by the 749th Tank Battalion.
Seven ancient Shiva temples are lined up on this meridian.
In ancient India, this was considered the 0 meridian.
The band formed in 2009 out of informal collaborations between Bill Kreutzmann and Papa Mali.
Kreutzmann had been featured as a special guest at several of Mali's concerts since 2008 (including a New Year's Eve 2008/2009 show on Maui billed as Bill Kreutzmann & Friends with multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard and Bonnie Raitt/BK3/Neville Brothers  bassist James "Hutch" Hutchinson) and the two decided to form an official band together with multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard, best known for his work with Willie Nelson, and Reed Mathis, of Tea Leaf Green.
Their name might be an adaptation of the lyrics of the Grateful Dead song "The Eleven", "Six proud walkers on the jingle bell rainbow."
They have also written and perform a song called "7 Walkers."
The band commenced a tour in late 2009 and another on in the spring of 2010.
Due to touring commitments with Tea Leaf Green, Reed Mathis was replaced by George Porter Jr., of The Meters in spring 2010.
They released their debut album, 7 Walkers, on November 2, 2010.
It features new songs written by Robert Hunter.
Reed Mathis and George Porter Jr. played bass on the album.
Willie Nelson also performs on the song "King Cotton Blues."
On a few occasions in 2010 and 2011, New Bohemians bassist Brad Houser filled in for George Porter Jr.  Sousaphonist Kirk Joseph of the Dirty Dozen Brass Band also filled in for George on dates in 2011 and 2012.
Although the 7 Walkers have not officially disbanded, they have not performed together since 2012.
The 7th Cruiser Squadron (also Cruiser Force C in 1914) was created at the Nore as part of the reorganisation of the Royal Navy's home fleets which took effect on 1 May 1912.
It formed part of the Third Fleet of the Home Fleets and effectively served as a reserve force stationed on the south coast of England.
The squadron was composed mainly of five of the six Cressy-class armoured cruisers, which had been transferred from the 6th Cruiser Squadron of the former divisional structure of the Home Fleets, and already considered obsolescent despite being fewer than 12 years old.
Their status meant that most of the time they were manned by "nucleus crews" an innovation introduced by Admiral John "Jackie" Fisher a few years earlier.
Their ships' complements of 700 men plus officers were only brought up to full strength for manœuvres or mobilisation.
The nucleus crews were expected to keep the ships in a seaworthy condition the rest of the time.
The 1913 manœuvres illustrate the system.
In June, the command of squadrons was announced by the Admiralty.
As a reserve formation, the 7th Cruiser Squadron had no flag officer until 10 June, when Rear-Admiral Gordon Moore—Third Sea Lord—was given the command upon taking leave from the Admiralty.
He hoisted his flag in Bacchante on 15 July.
All ships of the squadron would have been brought up to strength with men from other parts of the navy and from the Royal Naval Reserve.
The manœuvres took place and on 9 August Rear-Admiral Moore struck his flag and on the 16th the squadron was reduced back to reserve commission.
Upon the outbreak of war with Germany in 1914, the Second and Third Fleets of the Royal Navy were combined to form a Channel Fleet.
The 7th Cruiser Squadron consisted of Cressy, Aboukir, Bacchante, Euryalus and Hogue.
Their task was to patrol the relatively shallow waters of the Dogger Bank and the Broad Fourteens in the North Sea, supported by destroyers of the Harwich Force.
The aim was to protect ships carrying supplies between Britain and France against German ships operating from the northern German naval ports.
Although the cruisers had been designed for a speed of 21 knots (39 km/h; 24 mph), wear and tear meant they could now only manage 15 knots (28 km/h; 17 mph) at most and more typically only 12 knots (22 km/h; 14 mph).
Bad weather sometimes meant that the smaller destroyers could not sail and at such times the cruisers would patrol alone.
A continuous patrol was maintained with some ships on station, while others returned to harbour for coal and supplies.
From 26–28 August 1914, the squadron was held in reserve during the operations which led to the Battle of Heligoland Bight.
On 21 August, Commodore Roger Keyes—commanding a submarine squadron also stationed at Harwich—wrote to his superior Admiral Sir Arthur Leveson warning that in his opinion the ships were at extreme risk of attack and sinking by German ships because of their age and inexperienced crews.
The risk to the ships was so severe that they had earned the nickname "the live bait squadron" within the fleet.
By 17 September, the note reached the attention of First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill who met with Keyes and Commodore Reginald Tyrwhitt—commander of a destroyer squadron operating from Harwich—while travelling to Scapa Flow to visit the Grand Fleet on 18 September.
Churchill—in consultation with the First Sea Lord Prince Louis of Battenberg—agreed that the cruisers should be withdrawn and wrote a memo stating:
The Bacchantes ought not to continue on this beat.
The risks to such ships is not justified by any services they can render.
Vice Admiral Frederick Sturdee—chief of the Admiralty war staff—objected that, while the cruisers should be replaced, no modern ships were available and the older vessels were the only ships that could be used during bad weather.
It was therefore agreed between Battenberg and Sturdee to leave them on station until the arrival of new Arethusa-class cruisers then being built.
At around 06:00 on 22 September, the three cruisers Aboukir, Cressy and Hogue were steaming, alone, at 10 knots (19 km/h; 12 mph) in line ahead.
The 7th Cruiser Squadron flagship, their sister ship Euryalus, as well as their light cruiser and destroyer screen, had been forced temporarily to return to base, leaving the three obsolete cruisers on their own.
They were spotted by the German submarine U-9, commanded by Lt. Otto Weddigen.
They were not zigzagging but all of the ships had lookouts posted to search for periscopes and one gun on each side of each ship was manned.
Weddigen ordered his submarine to submerge and closed the range with the unsuspecting British ships.
At close range, he fired a torpedo at Aboukir.
The torpedo broke the back of Aboukir and she sank within 20 minutes with the loss of 527 men.
The captains of Cressy and Hogue thought Aboukir had struck a floating mine and came forward to assist her.
Hogue hove to and began to pick up survivors.
Weddigen fired two torpedoes into Hogue, mortally wounding her but the submarine surfaced and was fired upon.
As Hogue sank, the captain of Cressy, knew that the squadron was being attacked by a submarine and should have tried to flee; this was not yet considered the proper action to take.
Cressy came to a stop amongst the survivors; Weddigen fired two more torpedoes into Cressy and sank her as well.
Dutch ships were nearby and destroyers from Harwich were brought to the scene by distress signals; the brave intervention of two Dutch coasters and an English trawler prevented the loss from being even greater than it was.
The rescue vessels saved 837 men but of the crews, 1,397 men and 62 officers were lost.
A term (class) of Dartmouth naval cadets was aboard these ships, and many of the cadets were lost in the disaster.
Otto Weddigen returned to Germany as the first naval hero of the war and was awarded the Iron Cross, Second and First Class.
Each member of his crew received the Iron Cross, Second Class.
The German achievement shook the reputation of the British navy throughout the world.
Despite the age of Cressy-class vessels, many Britons did not believe the sinking of three large armoured ships could have been the work of one submarine but that other submarines and perhaps other non-British craft must have been involved.
Admirals Beatty and Fisher spoke out against the folly of placing such ships where they had been.
Churchill was widely blamed by the public for the disaster despite his memo of 18 September that the older ships should not be used in the venture.
Rear-Admiral Arthur Christian was suspended on half pay and later reinstated by Battenberg.
Drummond was criticised for not zig-zagging to shake off submarines and for not requesting destroyer support as soon as the weather improved.
Zig-zagging had not been taken seriously by ships' captains who had not experienced submarine attacks; the tactic thereafter was made compulsory in dangerous waters.
All big warships were instructed never to approach a ship severely disabled by mine or torpedo but to steam away and leave the rescue to smaller vessels.
Three weeks later, the German war hero Weddigen—now operating U-9 off Aberdeen—torpedoed and sank Hawke, another British cruiser that was not zig-zagging in hostile waters.
Weddigen was killed in March 1915 during a German raid in the Pentland Firth when his submarine—U-29—was intentionally rammed by the battleship Dreadnought.
The remaining Cressy class ships were dispersed from the British Isles.
The remnants of the 7th Cruiser Squadron was reconstituted the following year as part of the Grand Fleet, which contained many better armoured and more modern ships than Bacchantes but in 1916 the 7th was disbanded again.
It did not see service at the Battle of Jutland.
The squadron was reformed for the third time on 18 July 1940 and was placed under the command of Rear-Admiral, Edward de Faye Renouf.
It was a unit within the Northern Patrol Force then under the command of Vice Admiral Sir Max Horton.
In March 1941 the squadron was disbanded.
The music video theme shows Vanity as her film character Laura Charles, who is a singer and video DJ at the popular 7th Heaven club.
She makes her grand entrance performing "7th Heaven", as an elevator lowers her below to the dance floor in the night club.
A large video screen is shown behind her, as it shows her performing the song in the night club.
The M1888 8 in (203 mm) gun was a coastal artillery gun initially deployed as part of the Endicott system of fortifications.
The first nine were deployed on the M1892 barbette carriage in 1898, but the improved M1894 and M1896 disappearing carriages soon became available, and approximately 64 additional weapons were deployed on these carriages by 1908.
An "emergency" converted Rodman carriage was also used during the Spanish–American War in 1898 to quickly arm 21 emplacements with the modern 8-inch M1888 gun.
These weapons were redeployed soon after the war ended.
The disappearing carriage allowed the gun to remain behind a parapet resembling a hillside most of the time, thus largely invulnerable to low-angle enemy fire, which was the only type of enemy attack anticipated 1898–1910.
Air and high-angle artillery attack would eventually severely impact US fortifications in the Philippines in World War II.
Numerous additional weapons of other calibers including the 10-inch gun M1895, 12-inch gun M1895, and 12-inch coast defense mortars were also deployed in US coastal fortifications alongside the 8-inch guns.
The 8-inch guns were deployed in the harbor defenses of Portland, Maine, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, New Bedford, Massachusetts, Long Island Sound, New York, Eastern New York, Southern New York, Delaware River, Baltimore, Maryland, Potomac River, Chesapeake Bay, Cape Fear River, North Carolina, Savannah, Georgia, Key West, Florida, Tampa Bay, Florida, Pensacola, Florida, Mobile, Alabama, Mississippi River, Galveston, Texas, San Francisco, California, Columbia River, and Puget Sound.
After the American entry into World War I, the United States needed a medium-range heavy artillery piece that could be transported easily.
The quick solution was to take the existing 8-inch coast artillery guns from the fixed mountings or from storage and mount them on a drop bed rail car.
This was also done with a number of other weapons, including 10-inch (254 mm) guns, 12-inch (305 mm) guns, and 12-inch mortars.
The 7-inch (178 mm) guns, 8-inch guns, and 12-inch mortars used a common carriage, with a depressed center and two 4-wheel or 6-wheel bogies.
The bogies were interchangeable for standard gauge or (with 12-wheel bogies) 60 cm (23.6 in) gauge track.
Outriggers and a rotating mount allowed all-around fire.
This allowed the weapons to be used in coast defense against moving targets.
A detailed description of the railway mounting is given in Railway Artillery, Vol.
I by Lt. Col. H. W. Miller, USA.
A total of 96 8-inch guns (reportedly including spare Navy Marks 1 through 4 as well as M1888 guns) were considered available for railway mounting, and 47 were ordered to be mounted on railcars.
Twenty-four were produced before the Armistice, and three of these had been shipped to France by that time.
These three and several 10-inch guns were the only US Army railway guns shipped to France in World War I, although five US Navy 14"/50 caliber railway guns (356 mm) saw action.
Since the railway weapons were on the M1918 carriage and railway car, some references erroneously refer to them as M1918 weapons.
All (or perhaps 37, references vary) of the 47 ordered were completed by the end of 1919 and the contract was cancelled at that point.
Unlike almost all other US railway weapons, the 8-inch guns were widely deployed in the inter-war years, and by 1942 were augmented by 32 ex-Navy Mark VI guns.
Approximately twelve M1888 guns were deployed for the defense of Oahu, Hawaii.
Others were stationed for the coastal defense of Manila, eventually one each on Corregidor and Bataan (dismounted from the railway carriage), with batteries at Newfoundland, Bermuda, Puget Sound, Chesapeake Bay, Delaware River, and Fort Hancock, New Jersey (near New York City).
Some 8-inch disappearing guns remained in fixed emplacements in the US until late in World War II, when they were scrapped as 16-inch guns and 6-inch guns on long-range mountings replaced all previous coast defense weapons.
An anecdotal account of the 8-inch M1888 railway guns in the Japanese invasion of the Philippines in 1941–42 states that eight guns (another account says seven guns) were shipped to Manila in late 1940, as part of the Inland Seas Defense Project.
Initially, difficulties were encountered because the railway carriages were 36-inch (914 mm) gauge and the Philippines used a 42-inch (1,067 mm) gauge.
In late December 1941 all eight guns were sent north in one train to oppose the Japanese landings at Lingayen Gulf, but six guns were damaged beyond repair by enemy air attack.
The remaining two guns (possibly only one) were eventually shipped to Corregidor and Bataan by early March 1942, where they were mounted on improvised pedestal mounts.
The account states that the one gun that information is available on fired only five proof rounds and sat idle for want of a crew until it was destroyed by air and/or artillery attack.
One reference states that the other gun was mounted near Bagac, Bataan.
In addition to the main 1900 Olympic men's 800 metres, a handicap competition with thirteen entrants was contested three days after the final.
Christian Christensen of Denmark was the winner in a time of 1:52.0 minutes with a 70 m handicap.
Howard Hayes and Harvey Lord, both of the United States, filled out the top three, with Hayes recording 1:53.5 mins (45 m handicap) and Lord finishing in 1:54.2 minutes (35 m handicap).
A handicap 880-yard run (804.7 m) competition was held at 1904 Summer Olympics after the 1904 Olympic men's 800 m race.
Johannes Runge of Germany won in 1:58.4 minutes with a 10-yard handicap.
John Peck of Canada came second  in 1:59.0 minutes with zero handicap and  F. C. Roth, an American schoolboy, was third with a 15-yard headstart.
These events are no longer considered part of the official Olympic history of the 800 metres or the athletics programme in general.
Consequently, medals from these competitions have not been assigned to nations on the all-time medal tables.
Aïda is a dark C-type asteroid that orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.8–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 7 months (2,030 days).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.10 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic.
Aïda was first identified as A906 BG at Heidelberg in 1906, extending the body's observation arc by 11 years prior to its official discovery observation.
In May 2002, a rotational lightcurve of Aïda was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomer Laurent Bernasconi.
Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 10.95 hours with a brightness variation of 0.32 magnitude (U=3).
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Aïda  measures between 62.24 and 66.85 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo between 0.0571 and 0.7.
The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link derives an albedo of 0.0522 and a diameter of 66.78 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 9.7.
This minor planet was named for Aida, the famous Italian opera in four acts by composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901), after whom the asteroid 3975 Verdi was named.
Naming citation was first mentioned in The Names of the Minor Planets by Paul Herget in 1955 (H 84).
88 Rue du Rhone launched its first collection, Double 8 Origin, in 2012, featuring  100 Quartz, Automatic and Chronograph timepieces that range from 29 mm to 45 mm.
In 2014, 88 Rue du Rhone has been selected as the official watch partner for the Miami International Film Festival.
88 Rue du Rhone is the Official Watch & Timing Partner of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) and more recently the Miami International Film Festival (MIFF).
88 Rue du Rhone also sponsored the inaugural Past Forward BAFTA Art Exhibition
The 89th Attack Squadron mission is to remotely employ MQ-9 Reaper aircraft from ground control facilities located at Ellsworth Air Force Base to support combatant commander requirements around the world.
The squadron, which operates the aircraft, and the Reaper ground control station are based at Ellsworth.
Its aircraft are deployed overseas, supporting continuing operations.
The first predecessor of the squadron was activated at Kelly Field, Texas as the 89th Aero Squadron on 19 August 1917.
The men who formed the squadron had been inducted into the Army ten days earlier at Fort Logan, Colorado.
After processing, they departed for Kelly and upon arrival, formed the 89th and 88th Aero Squadrons and were trained on assembling new aircraft.
The squadron moved to the Aviation Concentration Center at Camp Mills, Garden City, New York in October to prepare for overseas movement.
The 89th arrived at the 1st Air Depot, American Expeditionary Force at Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome, France on 16 November where it began work on constructing facilities for the depot.
In February 1918, the squadron moved to Châtillon-sur-Seine, where it began work on construction of a flying field for the 2d Corps Aeronautical School.
However, the squadron was quartered on a large farm some distance from the flying field, so construction of the field and supporting facilities took a month to complete and training of observers did not begin until May.
The squadron was assigned the first pilots to arrive at Chatillon and began training observers in artillery adjustment, photography, and gunnery.
A photographic detachment of squadron enlisted men developed the pictures taken by the students at the school.
These men formed the cadre for the 101st Photographic Section later in the year.
The 89th prepared for combat as an observation unit in July 1918, but never went to front, and in September all pilots assigned to the school were transferred to the headquarters of the Aeronautical School.
The squadron returned to the United States where it was demobilized in 1919.
In 1936 the 89th was consolidated on the inactive list with the 89th Observation Squadron.
The second predecessor of the 89th was constituted as the 89th Observation Squadron on the inactive list in 1935.
In October 1936, the two squadrons were consolidated as the 89th Reconnaissance Squadron, but remained inactive until 1940.
The squadron was activated and assigned to General Headquarters Air Force at March Field, California, but attached to the 17th Bombardment Group.
The squadron was reassigned to Northwest Air District in June 1940, with its primary mission being reconnaissance with a secondary mission of bombardment.
It was initially equipped with Douglas B-18 Bolos, but soon converted to Douglas B-23 Dragons.
In 1941, the squadron replaced its B-23s with North American B-25 Mitchells.
After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the 89th flew antisubmarine patrols off the Oregon and Washington coastline.
The 89th moved to Lexington County Airport, South Carolina in early 1942 to perform antisubmarine patrols over southeast Atlantic coast and the Gulf of Mexico.
There it became the fourth bombardment squadron of the 17th group as the 432d Bombardment Squadron.
Meanwhile, aircrews from the squadron trained with its B-25s at Hurlburt Field, Florida for the Doolittle Raid.
Some aircrews from the squadron participated in the raid, while the balance of the squadron transitioned into Martin B-26 Marauders, and completed training in Louisiana before being deployed to the Mediterranean Theater of Operations shortly following Operation Torch, the North Africa invasion.
During December 1942 the squadron became part of XII Bomber Command.
It engaged in combat operations over North Africa supporting American and later Allied ground forces in Tunisia.
The unit flew interdiction and close air support, bombing bridges, rail lines, marshalling yards, harbors, shipping, gun emplacements, troop concentrations and other enemy targets, helping defeat Axis forces in North Africa.
During 1943, the 432d participated in the reduction of Pantelleria.
It supported Operation Husky, the Allied invasion of Sicily and Operation Avalanche, the invasion of Italy.
During the drive toward Rome, the squadron was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation for its attacks on airfields near Rome on 13 January 1944.
It was also awarded the French Croix de Guerre with Palm for its operations in Italy between April and June.
The unit provided tactical air support in the liberation of Sardinia and Corsica.
From airfields in Corsica, the 432d supported Allied ground forces during Operation Dragoon, the invasion of southern France in August 1944.
It moved to Southern France and bombed enemy targets during the Allied drive northward.
It earned a second Distinguished Unit Citation for bombing attacks on enemy defenses near Schweinfurt, Germany just before the end of the war on 10 April 1945.
The squadron remained in Europe after German capitulation.
It became part of the occupation forces, and participated in the disarmament of Germany after V-E Day.
It was assigned to the American Occupation Zone in Austria.
The squadron returned to France to stage for its return to the United States, where it was inactivated in late November 1945.
The squadron was activated in October 2011 at Ellsworth Air Force Base, South Dakota as an MQ-9 Reaper squadron.
The squadron replaced Detachment 1, 28th Operations Group, which had been activated in April 2011 to act as the lead organization to prepare Ellsworth for the activation of the remotely piloted aircraft unit.
The squadron was reassigned from the 28th Bomb Wing to the 432d Wing in October 2015 when the 28th Wing was reassigned to Air Force Global Strike Command.
The following June, the squadron returned to its original number and became the 89th Attack Squadron.
The unit was first sent to Key West, Florida, then to Pensacola, Florida.
Soldiers from the 91st New York took part in the raid on Bagdad, Florida.
Later they were part of a raid into southern Alabama.
They captured the steamboat Bloomer from the Town of Geneva, in what was then Coffee County, in the latter part of 1862, and early 1863.
Lt. James H. Stewart led the raid, and was accompanied by a naval unit commanded by Acting Master Elias Bruner of the USS Charlotte.
Although no shots were fired, due to the raid, Alabama raised defensive Confederate troops in the area which were stationed in southern Alabama until needed elsewhere.
The regiment participated in the occupation of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, from December 1862 to March 1863.
Then they took part in operations in western Louisiana.
From May 24, 1863, to July 9, 1863, the 91st New York took part in the Siege of Port Hudson, one of the last impediments (Vicksburg was the other) to Federal control of the Mississippi.
The regiment's next duty was at Fort Jackson, part of the defenses of New Orleans, as the garrison from July, 1863, to August, 1864.
The regiment was then given veteran furlough until October, 1864.
In October, 1864, the regiment was transferred to the defenses of Baltimore, Maryland, as part of the VIII Corps, previously the Middle Department to February, 1865.
In February, 1865, the regiment was transferred to the 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, V Corps, Army of the Potomac to June, 1865.
They took part in the Siege of Petersburg and the Appomattox Campaign, including the Battle of Lewis's Farm, Battle of White Oak Road, Battle of Five Forks, Third Battle of Petersburg and pursuit of General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia to Appomattox Court House, Virginia, where Lee surrendered his army on April 9, 1865.
As part of a post-war reorganization, they briefly became the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, V Corps for duty at Washington, D.C. until July 3, 1865, when they were mustered out.
The regiment lost 3 officers and 110 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 1 officer and 184 enlisted men by disease for a total of 298 men, during their service.
Children's novel writer Butterfly Wong (Maggie Shiu) is unsuccessful in her career and relationship.
One time, while attempting suicide, a couple nearby mistaken her for a robber.
Wanting to return items left behind by the couple, Butterfly heads to the couple's home, accompanied by her friend, Chow Wai-kuen (Teresa Mo).
There, they witness an illegal drug trade, followed by a mutual slaughter among the drug dealers.
In order to avoid police suspicion, Butterfly imitates Black Rose, a vigilante character who appeared in 1960s Hong Kong films, and left a note behind.
As a result, The real Black Rose's apprentices, Piu-hung (Fung Bo Bo) and Yim-fan (Wong Wan-sze), kidnap Butterfly.
Detective Keith Lui (Tony Leung), who has a crush on Butterfly, proceeds to rescue her.
However, Piu-hung and Yim-fan mistaken Keith for their ex-lover and locks him up as well.
Andrew Sarooch of Far East Films gave the film a score of 3.5 out of 5 stars praising the performance of actors Tony Leung Ka-fai and Fung Bo Bo, the action sequences and director Jeffrey Lau's direction as "Colourful, genre-defying and almost out-of-control".
LoveHKFilm gave the film a positive review, praising Leung's comedic performance and states although the film "may lose some people, but it nonetheless possesses its own unique sensibilities and an inexplicable bizarre charm".
The film HK$22,806,044 at the Hong Kong box office during its theatrical run from 2 July to 23 December 1993.
Aegle is the parent body of the Aegle family (630), a very small asteroid family of less than a hundred known members.
It orbits the Sun in the outer asteroid belt at a distance of 2.6–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 4 months (1,948 days; semi-major axis of 3.05 AU).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 16° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins at Litchfield Observatory (789) in August 1870, two and a half years after its official discovery observation at Marseille.
In both the Tholen and SMASS classification as well as in the Bus–DeMeo taxonomy, Aegle is a rare, anhydrous T-type asteroid, while the overall spectral type for the Aegle family is typically that of a C- and X-type.
Photometric observations of the asteroid by American photometrist Frederick Pilcher from his Organ Mesa Observatory (G50) in New Mexico during 2016−17 showed an irregular lightcurve with a synodic rotation period of 13.868 hours and an amplitude of 0.11 in magnitude (U=3).
This result is in good agreement with two previous observations by Robert Stephens, and by Cyril Cavadore and Pierre Antonini who measured a period of 13.82 hours and a brightness variation of 0.12 and 0.05, respectively (U=3/2-).
Other rotational lightcurves obtained by Alan Harris (10 h; 1980), by Italian (10.47 h; 2000), and Swiss/French astronomers (13.82 h; 2005), and at the Colgate University (26.53 h; 2001), are of poor quality (U=n.a./1/1/1).
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Aegle measures between 156 and 178 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a low albedo between 0.048 and 0.056.
The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes an albedo of 0.058 and calculates a diameter of 162.85 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 7.65.
It has an estimated mass of (6.48±6.26)×10¹⁸ kg with a density of 2.61±2.53 g/cm³.
Aegle has been observed occulting stars several times.
On 5 January 2010, it occulted the star TYC 0572-01644-1 as seen from Ibaraki, Japan, and allowed to determine a cross-section of 178.7 × 148.3 kilometers.
In New Zealand, on 18 February 2002, it occulted the star TYC 7299-00684 in the constellation of Centaurus for approximately 12.7 seconds during which a drop of 2.1 in magnitude was to be expected.
This minor planet was named after Aegle) one of the Hesperides in Greek mythology.
The official naming citation was mentioned in The Names of the Minor Planets by Paul Herget in 1955 (H 13).
Provide General and Direct Engineering Support of a Deliberate Nature to the MAGTF, to include survivability, countermobility and mobility enhancements, and explosive ordnance disposal; and general supply support incident to the handling, storage and distribution of bulk water and bulk fuel.
The 9th Engineer Support Battalion of the 3rd Marine Logistics Group was once titled the 9th Engineer Battalion.
The 9th Engineer Battalion was activated on 1 November 1965 at the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and was under the operational control of the Commanding General Force Troops, located at Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms.
On 2 May 1966, elements of the battalion began deploying to the Republic of Vietnam and by 17 June 1966 all of the battalion had arrived in the country and were located in and around Chu Lai.
There they repaired vital road networks and reconstructed many villages south of Chu Lai.
29 June 1966 found Alpha Company departing for Da Nang under the operational control of the 7th Engineer Battalion.
While in Vietnam the 9th Engineer Battalion was responsible for the repair and mine sweeps of many of the major highways and bridges, for camp construction, for building ferries and for supporting the army and many foreign units on the battlefront.
The Battalion participated in operations such as Colorado, Fresno, Nappa, and Golden Fleece.
On 2 March 1970; Hawaii became the next duty station for Company A. while the rest of the battalion was returned to Camp Pendleton by 11 September 1970.
At Camp Pendleton the battalion became part of the 5th Marine Amphibious Brigade until it was deactivated and retired its colors on 30 October 1970.
The 9th Engineer Support Battalion was activated on 1 May 1976 on Okinawa, Japan.
Since activated, Camp Hansen has served as home for the battalion.
Company A, 9th ESB was the lead element in planning and conducting humanitarian construction operations in East Timor from September to December 2000.
Additionally, they have completed several Habitat for Humanity projects in Bangladesh and South Korea.
9th ESB provided real-world operational support to Joint Task Force 510 (Special Operation Command), Basilan Island, Philippines in support of Operation Enduring Freedom from April to July 2002.
By improving 81 kilometers of roads, creating helicopter landing zones, and opening an overgrown airfield, the Battalion improved the mobility of U.S. forces on the island during the Global War on Terrorism.
Explosive Ordnance Disposal Platoon continues to supports de-mining efforts throughout the Pacific Theater and provides technician in support of Presidential Operations as required.
9th Engineer Support Battalion earned the Marine Corps Engineer Association award for the best engineer support battalion of the year for 2000, 2001, 2007, and 2012.
9th ESB deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) from February 2006 until March 2007.
During this deployment, they were based out of Camp Taqaddum in Al Anbar Province and built/repaired roads, cleared the roads of Improvised Explosive Devices, repaired buildings and constructed observation posts and command outposts for the Iraqi Army and Coalition Forces.
In September 2008, 9th ESB deployed for a second tour in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (seven months long); they returned in March 2009.
During the deployment, the battalion repaired roads, built working spaces and performed force protection construction and upgrades.
9th ESB's most recent deployment (and second tour) was to Helmand Province in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) which occurred from November 2011 to June 2012.
During this deployment, the battalion performed its assigned mission of repairing and constructing roads as well as providing fuel.
According to the traditional biography of Aśvaghoṣa, which was translated into Chinese by Kumārajīva, and preserved in that language, he was originally a wandering ascetic who was able to defeat all-comers in debate.
He set a challenge to the Buddhist monks that if none could meet with him in debate then they should stop beating the wood-block which signalled to the people to bring offerings to them.
There was no one there to meet the challenge so they stopped beating the wood-block.
However, in the north there was an elder bhikṣu named Pārśva at the time, who saw that if he could convert this ascetic, it would be a great asset to the propagation of the Dharma, so he travelled from northern India and had the wood-block sounded.
The ascetic came to ask why it had been sounded.
Though thinking the old monk would be unable to debate with him, he accepted the challenge.
After seven days, the debate was held in front of the King, his Ministers, and many ascetics and brahmans.
The loser agreed to become the disciple of the other.
They agreed that the elder Pārśva should speak first, and he said: "The world should be made peaceable, with a long-lived king, plentiful harvests, and joy throughout the land, with none of the myriad calamities", to which the ascetic had no response and so was bound to become Pārśva's disciple, and he was given full ordination as a bhikṣu.
Although he had to consent to this, he still was not convinced of the elder's virtues until he showed him he had mastered the Bases of Spiritual Power (r̥ddhipādāḥ), at which point he gained faith.
Pārśva then taught him the 5 Faculties, the 5 Powers, the 7 Factors and the 8-fold Noble Path, and he eventually mastered the teaching.
Later, the central kingdom was besieged by the Kuṣāna King's army, who demanded 300,000 gold pieces in tribute.
The King could not pay so much, as he had only 100,000.
The Kuṣāna King therefore asked for the Buddha's begging bowl, the converted monk, and the 100,000 gold pieces for his tribute.
Although the King of the central kingdom was unhappy, the monk persuaded him it would be for the good of the propagation of the Dharma which would spread across the four continents if he went with the Kuṣāna King.
He was therefore taken away.
The Kuṣāna's King's Ministers, however, were unhappy, not thinking that the bhikṣu was priced correctly at 100,000 gold pieces.
The King, who knew the worth of bhiksu, ordered that seven horses be starved for six days.
The King then made an assembly and had the bhikṣu preach the Dharma.
Even the horses, whose favourite food was placed in front of them, were entranced by the Teaching of the monk, and listened intently.
Everybody was thereby convinced of his worth.
He was then granted the name Aśvaghoṣa, Horse-Cry.
He travelled throughout northern India proclaiming the Dharma and guiding all through his wisdom and understanding, and he was held in great regard by the four-fold assembly, who knew him as The Sun of Merit and Virtue.
He was previously believed to have been the author of the influential Buddhist text Awakening of Mahayana Faith, but modern scholars agree that the text was composed in China.
And it is now believed he was not from the Mahayanist period, and seems to have been ordained into a subsect of the Mahasanghikas.
Some recent research into his kavya poems have revealed that he may have used the Yogacarabhumi as a textual reference, particularly for the Saundarananda, which opens up the possibility he was affiliated with either the Yogacara or the Sautrantika school.
He wrote an epic life of the Buddha called Buddhacharita (Acts of the Buddha) in Sanskrit.
The monk I-tsing (Yijing) mentioned that in his time Buddhacarita was "...extensively read in all the five parts of India and in the countries of the South Sea (Sumātra, Jāva and the neighbouring islands).
He clothed manifold notions and ideas in a few words which so delighted the heart of his reader that he never wearied of perusing the poem.
Moreover it was regarded as a virtue to read it in as much as it contained the noble doctrine in a neat compact form."
It described in 28 chapters the whole Life of the Buddha from his birth until his entry into Parinirvāna.
During the Muslim invasions of the 10th – 12th centuries, half of the original Sanskrit text was lost.
Today, the second half only exists in Chinese and Tibetan translations.
He also wrote Saundarananda, a kāvya poem with the theme of conversion of Nanda, Buddha's half-brother, so that he might reach salvation.
The first half of the work describes Nanda's life, and the second half of the work describes Buddhist doctrines and ascetic practices.
He is also thought to be the author of the Sutralankara.
The college is  recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
The club was founded in 2011.
In the season 2012–13 the team was promoted for the first time, from Eccellenza Basilicata to Serie D.
The team's colors are lightblue and blue.
Riccione was founded in 1929 as Valleverde Riccione Football Club.
In summer 2010 his sports title of Serie D was transferred to Real Rimini, after the Batani family left the club because of management problems with the president Paolo Croatti.
The club was immediately refounded as Associazione sportiva dilettantistica Riccione 1929, acquiring the sports title of Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna club Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Del Conca, based in Morciano di Romagna.
The new team is the legitimate heir of the former Valleverde Riccione, finally having a company composed of people of Riccione.
In the 2010–11 season Riccione has won group B of Eccellenza Emilia-Romagna and has returned in Serie D.
Its colors are white and blue.
After the 1979 Revolution in Iran, The A-tower was particularly targeted by the revolutionaries as it housed mostly business and political figures who either had fled Iran or lost their lives during the revolution.
In all cases doors were crushed as the standard door locks were near-impossible to force-open or manipulate.
The non-standard door frames to date indicate breaking in during the early day of the revolution.
The looting of property and cars went on for weeks following the chaos and lawlessness in early days of the Islamic revolution.
The confiscated units themselves were later occupied by revolutionary families and later by some refugees from the Iran-Iraq war.
The occupiers were eventually removed as law and order eventually returned after a number of years.
Together with Calcio Padova was the main football team to the Padua.
The Petrarca, in the late teen years, was the main rival of the most glorious Calcio Padova.
For a short period of time is even allowed to buy also some of the strongest players at the city level.
Regularly affiliated with the Football Association, played at the Stadium Tre Pini of Padua.
The team colors were black and white.
In the 1922 season even came close to winning the Scudetto.
Indeed, it was eliminated from Novese.
Granger attended Liberty-Benton High School in his hometown of Findlay, Ohio, where he won the Division IV basketball championship in 1995 and was an all-state selection in 1995 and 1996.
As a junior he averaged 15 points per game, and as a senior he posted averages of 22 points, 9 rebounds and 3 assists per game.
He also competed in track and field, and he was Ohio State Champion in discus throw in 1996.
He committed to Michigan State in 1996 and coach Tom Izzo played him consistently, and also made him start 7 games at the end of the season.
His sophomore year saw him play all 30 games, averaging 12 minutes per game as a reserve, and he averaged 2.6 points.
He showed improvement in his shooting, especially his 3-point shooting: while he shot 0/1 in all his freshman season, he started to take more shots in his second year, attempting a total of 19 shots and scoring 5.
The 3-point shooting became one of the characteristics of Granger's game.
At the end of his sophomore year he received the Scholar-Athlete Award by his university, an award he would receive also in his senior season.
His junior year saw an increased playing time and a further improvement in his stats, and he recorded a 53.2 field goal percentage.
He also shot significantly better from the free throw line, going from 59% in his sophomore year to 71% in his junior year.
Granger averaged 6.6 points and shot 50% from the 3-point line (62.1% during the NCAA Tournament).
His performances during the 1999 NCAA Tournament earned him a selection in the 1999 All-Midwest team.
Granger's senior season was his most successful: he was named team captain and he became one of the main players of the Spartans team.
His combination of size, post game and 3-point shooting made him hard to guard for the opposing teams, and despite starting the year as a reserve, he became a starter as the season progressed.
He started 35 out of 39 games, and averaged 9.5 points and 5.3 rebounds for the season, shooting 89.3% from the free throw line and 45% from 3.
In the 2000 championship game against Florida won by Michigan State he played 34 minutes, scoring 19 points (a career high) along with 9 rebounds and 1 assist.
He was again selected in the NCAA All-Regional Team and he also was part of the NCAA All-Tournament Team.
At the end of his career he was 4th in Michigan State history in 3-point field goal percentage with 44% of made shots.
At the end of his senior year, Granger was automatically eligible for the 2000 NBA Draft.
At the 2000 NBA Draft Combine He was measured at 6 ft 7.5 in without shoes, with an 8 ft 7 in standing reach, a 6 ft 9.5 in wingspan and weighted 227 lbs.
He went undrafted and after briefly participating in a camp with the Vancouver Grizzlies, he signed for the Greek team Milon BC.
In 20 games in the 2000–01 Greek Basket League he averaged 17.0 points, 7.1 rebounds and 1.3 assists.
He then transferred to Italy, where he signed for Adecco Milano.
In 5 games played he averaged 12.2 points and 3.8 rebounds.
In 2003 he joined Artland Dragons in Germany.
During the 2003–04 season he averaged 14.1 points, 5.2 rebounds and 0.8 assists in 25 games played.
A. K. Padmanabhan is an Indian Marxist politician and former Politburo member Communist Party of India (Marxist)
Padmanabhan hails from Tamil Nadu.
He became the Central Committee member of the party and in 20th party congress of CPI(M), held in Calicut in April 2012, he was first elected to the Politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).
In June 2013 he visited China as a delegate at the invitation of the Communist Party of China.
In 2013, he became the president of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU).
Padmanabhan was also re elected into the Politburo in 21st party congress held in Visakhapatnam in April 2015.
In 22nd party congress, he was dropped, replaced by Tapan Kumar Sen and remains as a Central Committee member of the party.
Presently Padmanabhan is the vice president of Centre of Indian Trade Unions.
A38(M) runs from the A5127  through Gravelly Hill Interchange where the A38 joins and then shortly after traffic from the M6 motorway also joins.
It then enters a tidal flow section.
The road is on a viaduct as it passes through Aston; this section cuts through the grounds of Aston Hall.
The road passes through its first junction after 1 mile (1.6 km).
It enters a cutting before reaching the second junction, where the tidal flow ends as does the motorway.
The motorway is curved in Aston to avoid an Ansells brewery.
The motorway was also crossed by a vinegar pipeline, carrying the condiment from one part of the since-demolished HP Sauce factory to the other.
The Expressway was the first road in the United Kingdom to introduce tidal flow to allow better management of traffic.
Lane use is controlled by means of electronic overhead signs, with one lane always closed to create a buffer between the two directions of travel – there is no central reservation.
In the morning, four of the seven lanes are designated for use by traffic heading toward Birmingham city centre, and two lanes for traffic out of the city.
In the evening rush hour, this pattern is reversed and four lanes are made available to outbound traffic and two lanes towards the city centre.
At all other times, the road runs with three lanes in each direction.
Motorcycles are banned from the red-surfaced central lane, which contains a drainage channel, regardless of how it is being used.
This follows a fatal accident which occurred when one of the drainage covers dislodged.
The transmission aspects of the Brazilian Digital Terrestrial Television Standards are described in the ABNT NBR 15601:2007 - Digital terrestrial television - Transmission system document published by ABNT, the Brazilian Association of Technical Standards (Associação Brasileira de Normas Técnicas).
Digital terrestrial television broadcasting in Brazil should be introduced in the VHF/UHF bands and fit into existing 6 MHz channels originally intended for analogue television transmission.
The Digital Terrestrial Television Broadcasting service will coexist with existing analogue television transmissions for a temporary period.
It was desirable to support the simultaneous transmission of a hierarchy of nested quality levels, including high definition television (HDTV) and standard definition TV (SDTV) within a single channel.
Transmission requirements established for the Brazilian digital television standards comply with the general characteristics existing in its Japanese counterpart, while addressing the challenges of broadcasting within a more polluted and unregulated spectrum environment.
The additional requirements set by the document ABNT NBR 15601:2007 - Digital terrestrial television – Transmission can be seen as evolutions suggested for better overall performance levels in the transition period between analog and digital television.
The Canadian Australian Football Association was established in May 1989 when two clubs, the Mississauga Mustangs (now the High Park Demons) and the Toronto Panthers, were formed and played in the inaugural Conacher Cup game in Toronto, Ontario.
AFL Canada selects the Northwind, Canada's national men's Australian rules football team.
The team plays in international tournaments and exhibition matches against other countries.
Northwind players are selected from the best Canadian-born players from the club teams across the country.
The Northwind's first international competition was against the USA before competing the 2002 Australian Football International Cup and finishing 9th of 11.
AFL Canada also selects the Northern Lights and the Wolfpack, Canada's national teams for women and junior men.
The Northwind have competed at the Australian Football International Cup since their first appearance in 2002.
The International Cup is a competition where players that are citizens of the countries who are competing are the only players allowed to play (no expatriate Australians are permitted to play, with teams composed solely of amateurs who must be nationals of the country they represent).
In the 2002 Australian Football International Cup the Canada Northwind finished 9th of 11 teams.
Round 1: Ireland 7.14 (56) def.
Canada 4.7 (31) - Trevor Barker Beach Oval, Sandringham, Melbourne
Round 2: Canada 4.11 (38) def.
South Africa 1.5 (11)
Round 3: New Zealand 10.8 (68) def.
Canada 2.6 (18)
Round 4: USA 8.4 (52) def.
Canada 1.1 (7)
Round 5: Samoa 9.15 (69) def.
Canada 0.5 (5)
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.5 (41) def.
Japan 5.2 (32)
In the 2005 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 7th of 10 teams.
Round 1: Ireland 4.7 (31) def.
Canada 3.5 (23)
Round 2: Papua New Guinea 5.11 (41) def.
Canada 4.3 (27)
Round 3: Samoa 7.4 (46) def.
Canada 6.6 (42)
Round 4: Great Britain 3.7 (25) def.
3.5 Canada (23)
Qualifying Final: Canada def.
Spain  (Spain forfeited).
7th/8th Place Playoff: Canada 4.5 (29) def.
South Africa 2.6 (18)
In the 2008 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 6th of 16 teams:
Round 1: Canada Northwind 18.22 (130) def.
Finland Icebreakers 0.0 (0) - Western Oval
Round 2: Canada Northwind 16.12 (108) def.
Sweden Elks 1.1 (7) - Ransford Oval
Round 3: Ireland Warriors 4.6 (30) def.
Canada Northwind 2.2 (14) - Reid Oval
Finals Round 1: Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) def.
Japan Samurais 0.3 (3) - Walter Oval
5th/6th Place Playoff: Nauru Chiefs 12.8 (80) def.
Canada Northwind 7.7 (49) - Ransford Oval
In the 2011 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 10th of 18 teams
Group 6 - Match 1: Canada 2.0 (12) def.
by  United States 2.3 (15) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Group 6 - Match 2: Canada 3.6 (24) def.
Peres Team for Peace 0.0 (0) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 1: Canada 2.3 (15) def.
by  Great Britain 6.8 (44) - Blacktown International Sportspark 2
Division 1 - Group 1 - Match 3:  Canada 3.2 (20) def.
by New Zealand 5.9 (39) - Blacktown International Sportspark 1
Division 1 Semi-Finals: Canada 13.8 (86) def.
Japan 2.1 (13) - McAllister Oval
9th/10th Place Playoff: Canada 6.4 (40) def.
by  Tonga 6.10 (46) - Ransford Oval
In the 2014 Australian Football International Cup the Northwind finished 5th of 18 teams.
Pool C - Round 1: Canada 19.5 (119) def.
China 0.1 (1) - McAlister Oval
Pool C - Round 2: Canada 2.8 (20) def.
by USA 8.3 (51) - Ransford Oval
Pool C - Round 3: Canada 20.10 (130) def.
Sweden 0.0 (0)  - Ben Kavanagh Reserve
Division 1 Semi Finals:  Canada 9.15 (69) def.
France 2.3 (15) - Ransford Oval
Division 1 Championship (5th/6th Place Playoff): Canada 9.7 (61) def.
Tonga 7.6 (48) - McAlister Oval
